ashwiner porer mash nam jeno ki
"Was it the son of the old gentleman you lived with on Madison Avenue?" "Yes; it was the son of Uncle John. It quite broke him down. After my cousin's loss he felt that he had nothing to live for." "I wish I was your cousin, Florence," said Dodger, thoughtfully.
yes .... :) 
chorom jinis ..... 
Moumita Das(Renee ) tmk amr fatafati lage ............... specially alwys seeming ur eyes talks a lot ....................... dosti karogi mujhse ????????? your faculty : engineering 
o anisha ei sab nongrami gulo koro na please souradyuti bole chyangra chheletar sathe . tomake ami nijer future bou hisebe dekhi . kakhon kelan kheye jabe chheleta , dosh ta kintu ultimately tomar habe . faculty of your beloved : arts your faculty : engineering admin : Probably Anisha had a reaction similar to this ! http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/34215132.jpg 
Dodger now posted himself at the window and waited anxiously for some one to pass, so that he might attract his attention and throw down the paper.
hatir dante toiri casket buy online
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
hehehhe .............. 
maratmak lekhok .... 
"Then listen! If you persist in balking me, I shall leave the entire estate to Curtis."
sneha basu ami tomake biye korte chaai . tomake biye korar jnyo ami ja khusi korte raaji achi . sabar samne pant khule dite raji aachi . haaga khete raaji aachi . kukur er pichon chaat te raaji achi . last but not the list " JU Confessions " page er administrator er pichone laathi maarte o raaji achi . i am just crazy about u . admin : * least . ar JU confessions er admin er pechhone hothat laathi marbe keno ? se ki tomar competitor ? :O 
puchku GOPU the great ..... :) 
Shubho bijay friends .. 
"A woman's a queer thing," said Tim, shrugging his shoulders. "Here's a fortune of maybe half a million, and half of it rightfully yours, and you don't give it a thought."
"What was his name? As a reporter I know the Bowery pretty well."
masochist mane
creativity should be of that level ... awesome road painting ... 
funny no ...? 
Katu kuto buro sukumar ray pdf
M lOvINg iT .. :)) 
live the pain .. love the pain .... f *** the pain ........ many happy returns of the day ... 
"There is a paper in it that I want. It is my uncle's will. I have a curiosity to read it."
Going out for kashmir today . 
Bandhura , sedin ekta epic invitation card pelam . Parar ekjoner chele Singapore-e porte gechilo . Pora sesh kore okhanei chakri korchilo . Ekta Philippines-er meyeke biye koreche , bachha-o hoye geche . Ekhon 5 bochor bade bou bachha niye Kolkata fireche . Baaper hotath kheyal hoyeche cheler reception dite hobe ar natir annaprashan . Dutoi eksathe arrange koreche . Invitation card-e lekha : " Apnara sakale naba dampati ke abhinandan janaben ebong taar sathe amar Dadubhai keo ashirbad kore badhito korben . " Ki khilli re bhai ! :D #engineering 
Zindegi ... Zindegi ..... mere ghar aana ... aana Zindegi ..... :) 
They bought copies of the day's papers, and Dodger looked eagerly over the advertising columns.
Some films are hard to make sense of . Others are just nonsense . Chennai Express , directed by # RohitShetty , ticks both boxes . # ibnline # ChennaiExpress Review 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
meyedr direct naam likhe onek chutiyapa kora hoche !! JU take erom jaega publicly na banaleo hoy . @Admin : how do you even let people post like this ?? :O nije chutiya naki ?!! admin : 1st you have to tell me what you mean by the term . 
They entered a good-sized office on a prominent street, and Dodger inquired for Mr. Tucker.
Light & the Devil 
"No; Tim isn't quite so bad. He isn't the worst man alive, though he is a rather hard customer. It was his wanting me to enter a house on Madison Avenue and open a desk that led to me going on this trip."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
She walked toward Fifth Avenue, when, just as she was turning the corner, she met Mr. Percy de Brabazon, swinging a slender cane, and dressed in the extreme of the fashion.
mayer lal lal tip gulo sab kemon opekkha kore .... :) 
Breakups are not always meant for Makeups ... sometimes they are meant for Wakeups .... :) 
fav most movie ... fav most hero ... fav most scene ... fav most dialog ..... sorry cant help ... :) 
Sobcheye baje borodin katalam 
jaha rahe tu ., main woh jaha hu/jise jie tu , main woh sama hu/teri wajah se naya naya hu ... Pehle kaha na maine ab yeh tumse kehne laga hu .,... Tujhko jo paya , to jina aaayaaa .. 
ebare acm sigchi conference kothae hobe kobe hobe
lolzzzzzzz ....... 
She assisted Mr. Linden to his room, and then returned to the library.
An awesome pic of Saheb - Thanks to the photographer - Kunal Nandy 
"It is terrible. I would not have believed Curtis capable of such a crime. But is it really true, Mrs. Barnes? Is my lost boy alive?" "To be sure he is."
lolllzzzzzzz ....!!! 
HERO ........ 
"Very well, sir." "Your wages will be fifteen dollars a week. How will that suit you?" Dodger wanted to indulge in a loud whoop of exultation, for fifteen dollars was beyond his wildest hopes; but he was too politic to express his delight. So he contented himself with saying: "I shall be quite satisfied with that."
Marry christmas 2 all my frnds .... 
"Think of that, colonel!" said Tim, disgusted. "Becomin' a common newsboy, when he might be in a genteel employment! Did you speak to him, Hooker?" "Yes, I asked him if he had left you."
As they left the saloon, the colonel turned to Tim, and said: "I like whiskey, sir; but I'll be hanged if I can respect such men as those."
ruki ruki thi jindegi jhat se chal pari 
Titir Mitra , xam toh sesh ..... ebare tomar moner kichu hijibiji lekho please ... i like u but i don't wannna dstrb u ... . tai shudui tomar kobita porte chai nd sorry majhe majhe tomar profile ta khule majhe majhe tomar pic gulo just gulo dekhi .... #engineering 
outfield is very slow ........ 
saina nehwal ibl match reports anandabazar
FINALLY SUBMITTED MY THESIS ...... END OF M . TECH 
Sob-e didi-r kripa ....... 
life-e+bn_suffix r ki ache ?????????????? 
"But you ought to be relieved from the necessity."
pure friendship ....... :) 
Chhoto Dida , Sejo Dida 
"Curse you!" he cried, between his teeth. "I'd like to chaw you up."
Maa - She wears you 9-10 months in her womb . Maa - A name that no one could replace . Maa - She is always there for you . Maa - Who gives her life for you . Maa - The only ( 2 b confirmed ) girl in your life whom you can trust . But 90% of people will not copy & put this on their status for fear that nobody will like or are ashamed of their parents . If you love your Mother post dis !! ^_^ 
from 30 Mbps to 30 Kbps .......... Life sucks ....... 
"You don't want to marry him, do you?" "No, no!" "I'm glad of that. He don't look as if he knew enough to come in when it rained."
thnk u all 4 d bday wishes ... sory 4 being late .. 
ufff ... !!! 
sameek , ug 1 , i.r. , onek politics hoechhe .. ebar porashuno tao kor .. ur wellwisher ( female ) 
Post of big B 
Durga shakti nagpal bali mafia up sarkar jhamela khabar
pran o vorie trisha horiye more aro aro aro day pran .... 
lolllzzzzzzzzzzz . ... but awesome ... :) 
Name of the Ministers of laughing departments of Different Countries : India : ANANDA KAR Pakistan : HESHE KHAN KHAN Bangladesh : HASHBOBOLE ASLAM Srilanka : MUKHTULE HASHITUNGE Arab : HASTE SEKH China : KOCHI HASHI YOUNG Nepal : HASIYE BAHADUR Mayanmar : OMAA OMAA HASHBOITO Japan : KAKABHASHE KAKIHASHE Nigeria : OMAAL HASHLO Italy : HESHETO FELINI Russia : HASHBONA BOLISKI Kenya : OHASHIR DAAMDE Korea : JAA HASH LEE 
Mrigaya ............. 
meghe dhaka tara complete actor list
LYING WON'T ERASE THE TRUTH , IT CAN ONLY DELAY ITS DISCOVERY ..... 
MCA final year ... Arka Chatterjee ... I have fallen for you dear ... Pink Shirt ta porle tmy darun lage .... tmy first dekhechlm pink shirt e .... tmy akebare pinkyy pooh lagchilo ...!! female-PG-Arts 
"I will teach you in the evenings, when we are both at leisure."
"'It will be very inconvenient, Mr. Tucker,' said the young man, 'as I have an engagement with a friend.' "He left me to do all the extra work, and--I suppose you know what happened the next Saturday evening?" "I can guess," returned Dodger, with a smile.
hello 
Jai jai bolleo sobta jai na , kichu thakei /tar e nam jibon 
sadly enough .. er kauke dekhei aj obdhi ek bar-o " dil jumping jhapak " korlo na ... :/ come on boys .... :P gender : female admin : Probably your attitude prevented them from doing some ' dil'lagi with you ! :P 
bangla torrenter valo site
Anubhav Upadhyay .... eta sudu tor jonno ..... :P 
Bangali ekta ' Ratno ' jaat bote .. Durgapujo aste ekhono dumas deri edike ' khutipujo ' hena tena suru .. countdown suru .... r upojukto kono kaj a daka hok , takhon lyadh r unnasikotar sesh nei ... ektai kotha ' dhuuus , ki habe ??? ' ... baro maser tero parbon r belellapona ei dui niye valoi ache jaat ta ... Bangali theke aaj o Manush holona .... shame ..!!!!! 
aaron finch chhoy marar video
Dear Mr Right(lets pretend he exists ) , All my life i have been told that there someone somewhere IS meant for me(being the cynic i am , i will for sometime try not to smirk ) .. So assuming u r somewhere around here .. this goes out to u .. Be mine .. And i will give u the gift of words .. Be mine .. And i will watch u break down , hold u in my arms and protect u but never think for once that u r weak .. Be mine .. And i will try to understand why u do what u do .. say what u say .. Why u cheated on me .. I will understand that characters develop , except in the twilight series Be mine .. And i will be happy to get down on one knee and propose , in the middle of a rock concert .. Be mine .. And we will spend our time drooling over new bikes and lamborghinis and alloy wheels .. I promise not to be too harsh on u while we play assassin's creed or gta san andreas .. I will even go with u to strip clubs and hoot with u and watch u laugh and laugh with u .. Be mine .. And as we walk down the lanes of old age together , i will recite Keats under my breath as u shake the snow of your boots .. Be mine .. And i will let u dominate .. if u let me do the same at times .. BE MINE for there's so little time and we have wasted all our free time alone .. 
ei jeche ghotkali lorar byaparta bhari mojar .... abp r patro-patri column gulo bodh hoye mar kheye jabe :P ..... tobe ota porar theke eta porte je onek beshi moja lage bolai bahulyo .... i am not a JU student .... Ju r moto college er ei fichlemi r dik ta jana chhilo na ; jene kintu dibbi mojai laglo - sheta bolar jonyo i aaj ei chhoto ekta khub shadharon " confession " ; admin ke shadhu baad janai .... jodi abar Bengal e phiri , ichhe roilo ei notun chena dushtu mishti college e dhuke bondhuder shathe boshe nirbhejal adda deyar - JU , u simply surprise me everytime ..... :D 
"Did you receive any letters in that time?" "No, and it was that that worried me. When at last the money gave out, I began to pawn my things--more than once I was tempted to pawn my wedding-ring, but I could not bring my mind to do that. I do not like to think ill of my husband, and was forced, as the only alternative, to conclude that he had met with some accident, perhaps had died. I have not felt certain that this was not so till you told me this evening that you know him."
oh god ........... spell bound 
"Why, what's up? What's the old gentleman mad about?" "He wants me to marry my cousin Curtis--a man I do not even like."
happY RAkhi 2 all of my friends , brthrs n sister 2 .... 
gr8 .... 
engineer rocksss 
Debanu from chem 2i ki cmtd ? gf toh a6e ble i dnt think . i like u . 
"So Tim sent them fellers after me?" soliloqized Dodger. "I guess I'll have to change my office, or maybe Tim himself will be droppin' down on me some mornin'. It'll be harder to get rid of him than of them chumps."
beshi nun khawar side effects
"Is the man hurt?" "Where am I?" asked the prostrate man, in a bewildered tone.
Jare chai tare paine keno ?! 
"You are a clever rascal, Curtis. After all, suppose the prize should slip through your fingers?" "It won't. I have taken every precaution."
ds is for my lady love miss ARATRICA GUHA like da way you r unique , your name is also unique saradin south city te giye ice cream khele r nijer roop diye cheleder mone agun lagale hobe ? JUST B mine i just love u like hell jute atodn 2 ato meye dekhlm bt tomar moton rupoboti sundori with attitude and the perfect height and complexion konna ami aktao dekhni . i want to take you out with me if u please will b waiting eagerly for ur reply my cutiepie :) mwuaahhh : * :) I LOVE U pg 1 , I R 
As they emerged into the street, Dodger said: "I've come back to restore you to your rights, and give Curtis Waring the most disagreeable surprise he ever had. Come home, and I'll tell you all about it. I've struck luck, Florence, and you're going to share it."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
after a hectic research i found few interesting men ...... 1 . GGR 2 . ADMIN 3 . soutik banerjee 4 . debabrta basu 5 . chayan roy 6 . cr arindam sarkar 7 . @r1nd @m $ @rk @r ( may b both are same ) 8 . sagnik biswas 9 . manas halder 10 . shaswata das . ........ plz keu bolbe eder mdhe kara kara single ??? prem na hoi na e ba korlam , 2mra na hoi amr preme na e ba porle , 2mader sathe time spend korte chai ..... ADMIN baaad ...... o sala boddo vao khache ..... or identity ta bole dile ki ju r sob meye ki or opor jhapia porbe ? admin : areh na , meye ra jhapale toh bhaloi ! kintu identity ta bolle meye der bodole chhelera jhapiye porbe ; hate lathi-sNota niye ! :P 
fuler bahar naiko jahar fasol jahar follo na ...... ashru jahar felte hansi pay ... diner aalo jar furalo sanjher alo jollona se bosechhe ghater kinaray ........... :) 
Ai dol a " tomake " ranga te chai 
sannidhya kumar ghosh ..... i've a serious crush on you !!!!! r u single ? :) :p -female arts faculty admin : chhele tir naam ta anobodyo :P 
haat ta tomar amay ...................... 
Twice as nice . 
Boichitrohinotai bhugchi 
what they actualy mean ... death or what ... :( 
"I suppose she is trying to ensnare young de Brabazon," said Emily, spitefully. "People of her class are very artful. Don't you think it would be well to call Mrs. Leighton's attention? Percy de Brabazon is her nephew, you know."
CONFIDENCE is when U're at the medical store & ask for 20 condoms & U hear 2 girls behind you giggling .... You turn around , look them in the eyes and say , " Make it 22 " !! @r1nd @m $ @rk @r 
for trisha roy of UG 1 history , well actually this is not a confession , rather it is a question . and as u r the only one among ur group of frnz whose name i know , i'm addressing u in this post ... the guy in ur group wid nerdy specs , is he ur boyfrnd ? i saw him kissing ur palm while playing UNO at worldview , some days back ,.. PG 1 , male . 
khali taka taka taka ... !!! :P 
"Yes; but you don't seem glad to see me?" "I thought you were----" "In Australia. So I was three years since. Then I got homesick, and came back to New York."
BIG B sings the eternal journey of life well .......... " tu shola ban jo khud jalke janha rashan karde ... ekla jalo re " 
"There was a time when he treated me well, when he appeared to love me," was the murmured reply. "I cannot forget that he is the father of my child."
When the governess had left the house, Mrs. Leighton asked herself whether in her encounter with her governess the victory rested with her, and she was forced to acknowledge that it was at least a matter of doubt.
"Why, may I ask?" "Because I didn't like the business he was in. But I liked it better than the one he wanted me to go into."
amar mar hatute jontrona hochchhe keno
bare bare amar matha ghore keno
Bangla bhashar biborton
ata gache tota pakhi dalim gache mou JU tei porte hobe boleche amr bou tapur tupur bristi pore node elo ban bou ekhn sunte chai roj amr lekha gan roj ki r jay re lekha romantical gan bolle te 2i bhujbi na ulte dhorbi amr kan faculty of your beloved : Science your faculty : Science 
dante divine comedy bangla onubad
photo courtesy rajarshi chattopadhyay 
kaaje mon din ... gachhe jol din .. 
The discovery, through Tim Bolton, that Curtis Waring had a hand in the disappearance of Dodger, partially relieved the anxiety of Florence--but only partially.
soo many creative and amazingly intelligent people are all around ..... 
"I shall feel relieved when he comes home. What should I do without him?" "Shure I'd miss him myself; but it isn't the first time he has been out late."
seen death and i was not allowed to even touch a wreath 
"She's with that boy of yours--Dodger, I believe you call him. Where is he?" "Run away," answered Bolton, briefly.
Reporter : sir , how many jokes are based on you ? Rajnikant : 2 . Reporter : sir , only 2 ?? . . . . Rajnikant : yeh , only 2 ..... other all are facts :) 
bangladesh ar pakistan 1999 world cup scorecard
Rat o sesh . Cha khaoa sesh . Hater cig tao sesh er dike . Uff abr juddho suru boi gulor sathe . 
Go back a little to leap further .... :) 
aamio samanupaat santorpone rekhe maakhon maakhabo dande jiver choturdike sutotuku debe taan , kaaponer byabodhan nije haate mekhechhi dupure taar jonno bakyoriti , projonon maas raakkhos hoye chhorabo baalishe . krome , shorire samosto holud keute , daao -- janmomukhi taap royechhe jole , ekdin taar kaaNdhe beje uthbe shorirer dwitiyo guitar ; neel jerakom path haaray jangole .. ( shamshanbondhuder proti ; bibhaas kobita ) 
Bristi jakhon poth atke dey .. egote deyna .. ba anekta egiyeo abar fire aste hoy ... takhon .....?.. auto te lomba line ... rickshaw-r ashi taka chay ... athocho oi vabe geleo deri hoye kaj na haoar chance thake .. takhon Bristi-r opor slide raag hoy ... :( :( 
WTF ............... 
yeh dosti hum nahi torengeee 
rat jege pora . anekdin por purono chande fera , na samne kono xm nei ju te , missing xm days . ekhon sudhui jiboner xm die jabo . thanks mr. Utsab Barman 
"And what if it is? Can't you bite out the specks? The rest of the apple is good. You're gettin' mighty particular." Mattie bit a piece out of the sound part of the apple, and, when Mrs.
Sunsign on my shoulder makes me happy ..... :) 
choudhury villa kolkata path nirdesh
birthday celebration of my li " l sis guddu 
"Yes, you have. Haven't you been teachin' me every evenin'? You make everything just as clear as mud--no, I don't mean that. You just explain so that I can't help understandin'."
snaps taken using Nokia Lumia 820 
http://realtime.ibnlive.in.comEvent/Live_blog_Samsung_Galaxy_S_IV_unveiling_event_at_Times_Square_New_York_City 
iter content analysis
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home . - Mother Teresa 
"Is there any young man you are interested in, Jane?" "Maybe there is, and maybe there isn't, Miss Florence. If I ever do get married I'll invite you to the wedding."
jantrona r srishti .......... 
"I shall represent that she has left the city."
"I couldn't help it, Mr. Bolton," said the woman, putting her apron to her eyes. "If Bill comes in, won't you tell him to come home? The baby's dead, and we haven't a cent in the house!" Even Tim was moved by this.
ghorar rash english translation ki
"And Curtis has no beard, and his hair is black."
success comes from experience & experience comes from bad experience ... 
Realize that you cannot control anything other than yourself in this world . You are the only thing that you have complete control over . When we realize this , and adjust our outlook and our actions accordingly , life becomes much more peaceful . Trying to control other people , or situations that really are beyond our control , only serves to suck away our time and adds to the chaos and frustration of life ................................ 
hehehe ..... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
"You seem to make acquaintances very readily, Miss Linden. It seems singular, to say the least, that after meeting my nephew for a single evening, you should become such intimate friends."
tere hasi majak vari baton ko parna a66a lgta hay tu ese kisiko bura vala bole porke maj ata hay .... esehi tu likhte rah apne cmnts ..... taki roj ju matrimonial kholne ki i66a rahe ....... jst fr @r1nd @m $ @rk @r ....... 
Sesh porjontoe takey khuje peyechi ... orkut ja kore dekhate pare ni ... facebook ta kore dekhiyeche ... eto diner sadhonar fol sesh porjontoe pelam ... ar se Sridipta noi ... jodio toder osesh dhonnobad jananor chesta korar jonne .... ami 4th year e last er dike takey dekhechilam ... tai ar info jogar korar sujog pai ni ... se 2011 pass out architecture dept ... Jodio m arch JU thekei korche e bochor passout korbe ..... campus e firle abar hoytoe amader building tolai dekhte parbo ... ar hain eber bolei debo ... Britha aasha kemon kore jeno abar jege utheche ... :) Batch of 2009- ETCE 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
Amar sei ashalata monehoy more geche 
There was a shade of jealousy in the voice of Curtis Waring as he entered the library through the open door, and approaching his uncle, pressed his hand.
Devlina .. or can I call u ' Lina ' who is an innocent , beautiful and nice person ? adbhut tumi , tomar chokh , tomar personality . Look is not everything . kintu tomar montao tototai sundor . mane as a person tumi anyorokom , nice . tumi introvert , shy , eka thakte valobaso . ami jani esob . kintu oi birat boigulor modhye tumi jokhon dube jao ( CL e ) anyorokom lage tomai . tomar ghono lomba chul mukhe ese porle aro valo lage . tomar lekha asadharon . tomar motoi tumi . kono nyakamo chharai . sob miliye tumi tumi . tomar kobitar moto . ami tomai respect kori . fuler soundorjyo jemon dur theke dekhte valo lage , mone hoy chire nile puro bagantai nosto hoe jabe , temon tomake tomar jaigatei rakhte valo lage . boro beshi pobitrota tomar modhye . ei dingulor theke alada . tumi erokomi theko . Male Engineering(CSE ) 
Arunava Maity boleche Dharmatala te Kutub Minar ..... 
mithya holeo sotyi ...... :D 
trn 12 hrs . late ......... 
Off to Pattaya ... 
Beaches .... sunsets .. again beaches .. music .. roamin n wnderin ... shoping .... N rain n rain .. frst hnymn rocks ... thnks god 4 gvng me such a lvly husbnd lk . U who mk ths trp soo memorable 
ahh ... this beautiful lady .....!!! 
"I am glad to hear that. She is apt to be indolent."
@Lord GGR .......... Can I have some babies with you puchu ? beshi na ... duto chele r duto meye .... chelera tomar moto naughtie hobe r meyera amar hottie ........ amake firiye dio na sona ..... jodi amake biyeo nao koro problem nei ... I will be a single mother #tomar tuktuki #female Admin : ' Naughty ' GGR akhn ' America ' i thake .. tumi seta jano tuktuki ? :P 
Uttam suchitrar chabir gan download
undaa ka funda ....... :) 
Cr Arindam , bhai 2mar nijer jodi relationship handling er opor ato experience ato ohongkar thake to arts er angika r mon nea khala dakhao ..... tahole bujhbo 2mi e asol hero , asol bhogoban , asol kamdeb , asol kolir kesto 
abar kakhon ghirchhe amay chand r sakal ... bhangche awaze ghum ... bunte bunte furoy samay .. gunte gunte din ... 
In the house on Madison Avenue, Curtis Waring was left in possession of the field. Through his machinations Florence had been driven from home and disinherited.
Hoyto ektu duliye diyecho tumi/aar kichu noy/rode ajo chhaya fele/dewalra karnish chhnoy/sharot pakhira sob ase jay/ddheu katha rakhe/bakita hoyto bhuliye diyecho tumi/bohudure chokh mele dekhi/pakhigulo ure jay bindu bindu hoye/chokh mela hoyni bohukal/ektu hoyto duliye diyecho tumi/pakhirao ure jay akashe danar chhap bhule/tobu bhabi/fele asa pathe fire asbe ki/amar dak ?? #female 
"Don't mind it too much, mavoureen. You'll soon be gettin' another scholar. Go to sleep now, and you'll sleep the headache away."
Ive been with my boyfriend for three years but ever since I came to JU , and started partying I've started to hook up with other guys . I don't know what gets into me drunk or not drunk but something always happens . All these guys don't have any connection with him and I know he won't find out , but living this kind of life makes me want to break up with him . I want to experience other guys , but at the same time I don't think I can imagine my life without my boyfriend . -ir ug ADMIN : now this requires a bit serious attention . RabindraNath sesher kobita teo bolechhen j ekta chhele duti meye k prarthona kore , ekti ghorer , opor ti bairer . temoni ekti meyer ki anek k chawa oporadh ? aar sorir er chahida take thik kibhabe dekhbo amra ? mon er chahida theke alada kore ? naki eksathe ? sobar motamot sunte amio agrohi . :) 
"If I make him laugh he won't suspect nothing," soliloquized the wily nurse. "That's a pretty big lie, even for me."
hahahahahahahahah ............. true 
hahahahhahahah . ... true .. :) 
"That is just why I should like to go back. I am afraid he will do some harm to Florence."
plzzzzzz believe this ....... 
Aab to sudhar ja ..... 

pati mosti ...... :) 
https://www.facebook.com/pokerplayerrenee?fref moumita ( renee ) tmk amr hebbi lage .............. wanna be ur 4nd to be something more ....... will be very pleased if u accept my 4ndsip .... your faculty : engineering 
"Then," said Florence, "I suppose I am at liberty to refer to you."
Angika , Is your last name Gilette because you are the best a man can get ? I like you . Screw all other admirers . I fell in love with you wn i frst saw u at worldview . then again i saw you at aashirbaad . i dnt follow u but somehow we keep crossing ways . destiny mone hoy . tomake Kajol'er moto dekhte . Khub snigdho . aar shundor . waiting for an answer . don't say no . ami shotti tomae pochondo kori . aar besh handsome'o+bn_suffix . I'm a handsome man ! You're a beautiful woman ! You do the math ! male admin : Angika Gillette ? admin makes the face like Kareena Kapoor when she said " Piya Wangroo ? " O.o 
satyajit rayer era bangla cinema download
If only he could escape he would take care not to fall into such a trap again.
"Will you bring me a light?" "Couldn't do it. You'd set the house on fire."
"Certainly you are a fine performer," she said. "What--if I should engage you--would you expect in the way of compensation?" "How much time would you expect me to give?" "Three hours daily--from nine to twelve."
Baas ..... ICT to gaya .... 
netajir name kolkatae ki ki ache
dukhbhari dastan ........ :D 
"Carrie, you are behaving very unbecomingly," said her mother.
he is not SOTYOBAADI .... he is a pure COWARD ..... people wid this kind of mentality shud be hanged ....... era bangali-+bn_suffix r KALONKO ..... 
Mingled with this mortification was genuine regret, for, so far as he was capable of loving any one, he loved his fair young cousin.
heheheh .... ei ta mast ..!! 
chaitro masher sale kolkatar kon kon dokane hoi
A tall, erect gentleman entered the saloon, and walked up to the bar.
"It is only lately that my circumstances required me to support myself. I should not be able to buy such a dress out of my present earnings."
kauke msg korle this message failed to send hoye jachchhe barebare .. ki mushkil ... :( 
Ah Carl . . U play with ' feelings ' when there r feelings involved .. if i choose to freak out at every negative comment to my poetry , i will die of heartbreak soon ;) And this was all it was .. a poetry .. with its crests and troughs .. I must thank u , though .. for even though it was not your intention , i made some lovely friends .. Forgive my well-wishers .. i think they just had my good being in mind and didnot choose to distress u .. I apologise for their ' negative ' comments .. they were distressed and i do not think had any bad intentions in mind .. Good part is .. given my speed of life and test of adventures , u couldn't have kept up anyway(if u r similar to Carl , then all the more trouble ! ) .. So take my gratitude and well wishes with u .. and do not presume i minded .. to mind , u have to care .. and between training Saphira , freeing middle earth and looking for horcruxes , i barely have enough for that .. care , that is .. So mate ... I hope this will rest your conscience .. again , i do not blame u .. that's on a Knight's honor :) P.s. Gargi , Shaoni , Ananyaa , Riju etc .. please do not bother him anymore .. his posts r hampering my silent ruminations 
attention 
"Then, I presume, Mr. de Brabazon," said Florence, with intentional sarcasm, "that you never have a headache."
history department er srijan , ( surname janina ) , faka achho ? jheelpaare boshe ganja ar political adda cholbe ? female , philosophy department . 
She had husbanded her savings as a governess as closely as she could, but in spite of all her economy it dwindled till she had none left.
"She looks to me like a gal that knows her own mind particularly well."
badlegi rituyen ada .. par mein rahungi sada ....... 
Singur samassya Tata supreme court judgement
ujako ki jarurat hai andhera me v kismat hai ............ amazing kishore kumar 
back home :)))) but its tooooo hottttttt !!!! 
... malyobaner ghum aase na .. e ghumer dosh noy , malyobaner dosh noy .. e somoyer dosh .. shatabdir dosh . - jibanananda das / malyoban 
Bangla cinemas sera eksho cinemar nam
Though his head did not feel exactly right, the strong wind entered Dodger's lungs, and he felt exhilarated. His eyes brightened, and he began to share in the excitement of the scene.
LaSt DaY oF PuJa .... SuBho MaHanAboMi ....... :) 
"Your health, sir," said the colonel, bowing.
jhora patar majhe 
"If either of you bring that boy in here," said Tim, "I'll stand a couple of glasses for both."
Amake ghuri vebe oras na .. narom angul ketejabe .. upre nebo nijeke .... :) msut see ... morbe maro chhoriyo na ....!!! 
"I won't stay!" exclaimed Dodger, in excitement, and he ran to the door, meaning to get out; but Curtis drew a pistol from his pocket and aimed it at the boy.
gals plz ............ 
gd morning .. :) 
hum sab AAm public hai ... par hamare sar pe TAAJ nahi hhai .... :) 
should be celebrated as ' mute ' day ....... 
"But, Mrs. O'Keefe, I can't consent to live on you."
Uff amar bor ta ki bhalo ami toh bhubtei parini j ami eta pabo .... 
#Brishtir podaboli# brishti takhon nemechhilo e shohore megher rajye cholchhilo lukochuri Campus jure jolchhobi anaka chokhe kajolkalo bidhyut fuljhuri krishnochura-kodom jahok naa keno chai shudhu ek nirapod ashroy nil bosona premika jokhon Radha mugdho hridoy aro nirbhik hoy norom thnot brishtikonay sikto " green zone " e tai neshatur pelobota roye jawa kichhu ashrur itikatha anuchharito mystic nirobota ebhabei gori premer khondochitro campus prem chirokal hoy anaka hok naa sthan kimba somoy bhinno kkhoti ki jodi " Abhisaar " hoy lekha ? #female 
tmr mukhe j din sunechilam prothombar valobasar katha sedin mone holo jano eki swapno na ki bastob ; j din tumi amay dile na chere jaoar katha sedin vablam eo ki amr jibone samvab ; tmr hat dhore ank bar vebechi dure kothao chole jai sudhu tomay amay nie thakbo amra ; tumi aj amk chere gele sob deoa katha venge die tmk bola hayni ajo tmk khuji rastay amr pashe ; ajo tmr kotha vebe mone anondo r kasto dutoe jage tumi asbe vebe ami ajo tmr poth chyeye bose swapno dekhe jai .... # .. sh .. # 
Anirban bole ekta bangla band 90s-e album ber korechilo . They were based out of Delhi . Tader album-e+bn_suffix ' O My Riya ' bole ekta asadharan gaan chilo . Online-e+bn_suffix anek khunjechi , kothao paini . Karo jana thakle plz ektu bolo . Jani eta matrimonial proposal noy , kintu ei gaan tar sathe amar jibaner ek matro premer smriti joriye ache . Plz karo jana thakle help koro . faculty of beloved : science 
Never give up on what you really want to do . The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts ..... :) :) 
nice ........... 
"I never saw one I wanted to marry till my cousin grew up," he said.
Everything you do is based on the choices you make . It's not your parents , your past relationships , your job , the economy , the weather , an arguement or your age that is to blame . YOU and only YOU are responsible for every decision and choice YOU make . 
"He seems from the letter to take an interest in me," he soliloquized.
urehhh na na ... ki dialog .... fatafati .... :P 
"Then," said Percy, gloomily, "there is only one thing for me to do."
The rest of the forenoon was devoted to study.
Morichikar moto ure asa ekti palok/Nilkontho pakhir danar bistare/nibir chhayar moto amay/diyechilo ashroy/anekta path hnatle/ekta snako pawa jay ekhono/tar haat dhore atikranto/uttal shrote bhela bhasano/paar nei kachakachi/sur tola sandhye nemeche ekhon/chhayamanober klanto chokh/ " Bonolota Sen " e khnuje fere alapon ... #female 
wow 
He still continued to visit the piers, and one afternoon about six o'clock, he stood on the pier awaiting the arrival of the day boat from Albany, with a small supply of evening papers under his arm.
Somoyta abr kharap hoye gelo 
Bittu , Chhoto Mamima , Masi , Sona , Mona , Saheb and ME ... 
my all time favorite .... such a nice writer and soft hearted person from deep inside .. love for nature is created inside us by him ..... 
"No, Mrs. O'Keefe," answered Florence, wearily.
After a brief pause Florence seated herself at the table, and drew toward her writing materials.
jene valo laglo admin amr likings gulo k like kore ..... but admin k ami khuje bar korbo ki kore ? ba admin amak khuje bar korbe ki kore ? dear admin if u like me den don't hide ...... prem korte chai , tai 2mk jante chai r nijeke janate chai ..... akhn r sei age ta nei j lukochuri khelbo r 2mi pichon theke ese amk dhappa bolbe your faculty : science admin : eta k re ? :O 
I can't tell 2 muh BF directly dats y i'm posting anonymously Please ebare gof ta kato , boddo khocha lage , ki j gof dea purosotto dakhao k jane , amr kache toh 1ta unwanted interrupt chara r kichui noi oi suopokar dol gulo ..... jodi gof na kato porer din theke no chumu no humy 
mine is ' e ' ...... :) 
florencer vasari corridorer chhobi
"Have you so specified in your will?" asked Curtis.
"I beg your pardon," he said, with as much deference as if he were addressing one favored by fortune, "but you seem to be in need of help?" "God knows, I am!" said the woman, sadly.
"Tell him I'm not goin' back!" "You're wrong, Dodger," said Hooker, shaking his head, solemnly.
mera bharat mahan ..... 100 me se 99 mantri beiman .......... 
sTRawbeRrY .. :) 
electric tar best company ki
ofc or college or school !!!! 
this is called talent .... 
"How long have you been here, Bolton?" "But a short time. You sent for me?" "I did."
Laho Pronam ............ 
It was kept by Tim Bolton, whose peculiar tastes and shady characteristics well fitted him for such a business.
True, she had some money laid aside on which she could draw, but that would soon be expended, and then what was to become of her? "Shure, I won't let you starve, Florence," said the warm-hearted apple-woman.
lolzzz ........... 
Any guys on here want to give a nice girl a ride on their crotch rocket or motorcycle ???? I would really appreciate it :) CL UG I I 
bathroom tiles double glazing koto khoroch
Florence bowed acquiescence, but she felt very sad. She had become attached to her young charge, and it cost her a pang to part from her.
the man who will never die .......... 
"Will either of you take a note for me to Mrs. O'Keefe? For another drink, of course."
muuuuaaahhhhhhhh ..... !!! 
sob pakhi ghare ase sab nadi furay a jibaner sab lenden 
"What do you want?" she asked, in a hostile tone.
2012 Madhyamik - Map Point - 1 ) East london , 2 ) Kalighat .... Geography question - 1 ) Kalighat-er weather , 2 ) East London & West London er weather Diff . History Question - 1 ) CPM-er potoner karon , 2 ) Singur & Nandigram Andolon ; Bengali question - 1 ) " Ma , Mati , Manus " describe koro ....... 
Florence Linden sat in the library the following evening in an attitude of depression. Her eyelids were swollen, and it was evident she had been weeping. During the day she had had an interview with her uncle, in which he harshly insisted upon her yielding to his wishes, and marrying her cousin, Curtis.
xactly 
ANDHOKARER PORE BANDHO DORJA KHULE , SURJO TA THIK UTHE JAY .... KANNA PETE PETE HOTATH KORE , BANDHU TA THIK JUTE JAY ... HATH TA BARAI TAI TOMAR DIKE , DAKI JHAPSHA CHOKHE TOMAY ... TUMI HATH TA TOMAR DAO HATH TA TOMAR , HATH TA TOMAR AMAY .... SADA-KALO RAAT FIKE HAY JE HOTHATH , JAY JANTRONA HARIE KOTHAY ... BESURO KOTHAGULO JAHRTE JHARTE VHULO , HOTHATH E GAAN KHUJE PAI ... MITE JAY GHUM GHOR NATUN EKTA VOR , PASE AMAR JANLAY ... TUMI SUR TA TOMAR DAO SUR TA TOMAR , SUR TA TOMAR AMAY ... CHENA ACHENA NA NA GALOK DHADHAY , MON AMAR POTH TA HARAY ... MONER KOTHA NIE EKA EKA GHURE MORI , KLANTO EKLA RASTAY ... HOTHATH ESE TUMI PASE DARAO , AASHE NATUN SWAPNO PAYE PAY ... AAMI KHUJCHI JAKE THIK PAI JE TAKE , AAMI KHUJE PAI THIK E AAMAY ... 
friday rat ta ato maja hoy ki ghum peleo ghumate jeteo ichhe kore na :) 
Indranil Basu , M . Arch final year I like you . I really do . Female 
hahahhahha ..... amazingly true ..... :) 
khuub joruri kotha ..... 
hetha noy hetha noy onno kotha onno kono khane 
ug 1 er history department er souvik er jonno .... afsu sanskriti te tomar gaowa ' dekho manoshi ' gan ta shune , shotti bolchhi , amar chokhe jol eshe gechhilo ... the way u brought out the pain in that song was simply superb ... ug 1 , female , ( department ta ujjho rakhlam ) 
If he could only reveal his position to some person outside, so as to insure interference, he might yet obtain his freedom.
Tim Bolton spoke so straightforwardly that there was no chance to doubt his word.
Maobadi samossya poschimbongo jharkhand
"Mr. Linden is getting very nervous and low-spirited," said the girl, "and sits hour after hour in the library looking into the fire, a-fotchin' deep sighs every few minutes. Once I saw him with your photograph--the one you had taken last spring--in his hands, and he looked sad-like when he laid it down."
ufffffffffffffffff ................ wht a challenge .. . ahem ahem .. :P 
total passionate ... 
ja ta S **** ........ :D :D :D .. take the example of Aisharya Rai Bachchan .. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?NR Sayan Giri , Daipayan De ..... A-40 , Sec-20 
"I will give it now, as I bid you good-morning."
pain pain pain ... gain gain gain ... :) 
forget about personality ... try to understand your originality ... :) 
Dol kemn katlo ? 
"Well," said Mr. Linden, as his nephew returned with Dodger.
mute ........ 
Acha admin tomar khali saradin bibhinyo loker prem golpo roj roj porte kemon lage ? #male Admin : eirkm question thakle amake inbox e msg krte paro .. premer golpo jmn ' porte ' pari .. temni inbox msg ele tar reply e kichu likhteo pari .. :) 
Rajyo vager pokhhe bipokhe different articles
lolzzzz ...!!!!!! 
achaa ... the girl who is up watching champ . league .!!!! toni8 . plzzzzzz marry me .!!! U r the one ^_^ !!! your faculty : Engineering faculty of beloved : arts 
Bastob 
﻿kabir sumaner bikhatto gan full download
Remembering the day i was 16 and in love with her . she loved me too . at school , at tution , at we used to sit together . standing at the balcony of the school we used to have chat for hours . she was my inspiration , she was my life , she was that moment which i always wanted to live . she was my everything . following her in my bicycle while returning from tuition was my daily routine . we didn't had mobiles at that time so we used to talk in our land phone for hours . ' I got caught too and was scolded severely by my parents . our parents made us understood that its not the time for love its time for study . she listened to her parents and she broke up I never complained to her . Coming back to present today we are separated by miles . she studies at ju except this i don't know anything about her . i also got chance in a prestigious university . and HAD a beautiful girl friend . when i tell this story to my friends , they say it was a crush not love . but at this present moment when i broke up with my girl friend for some silly reason I say at that age of 16 my love for her was real # male 
pujo to ekjon-eri 
incompatibility is word , found in the dictionary of the cowards 
didir barir pashe ekta school ar ekta math ache
Pinki - Amar Chhoto Bon 
Soptomi sokale 
Bharotiyo sanghbhidhan download
size matters .... :P 
Prohor sese aloy ranga sedin chaitro mas/tomar chokhe dekhechilem amar sorbonas .... 
"She thinks, uncle, that by doing so she can bend you to her wishes.
sotyi naki ..... mara porbo to ...!!!!! :P 
Soutik dakh amar orokom nyka nyka kotha poshay na , amar toke valo lage .... tor jodi amak pochondo hoi tahole sobar shamne bol seta .... tui to janis e ami chatterjee theke banerjee hote chai ... onk din agei bolechi toke seta #engineering 

haha . . good one campus season+bn_suffix a+bn_suffix kaje lagbe .. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
It was about seven o'clock one evening that he found himself in Mission Street.
"Humph! this is strange. What is your name?" "Dodger." "That's a queer name; have you no other?" "Not as I know of."
Am not gorgeous . Not much arty . Love my specs and pale jeans , dirty . It's a call only - Anyone lonely ? Come and join my gupshup party . ( " Let there be limericks " , the admin said ) 
Ha ha ha .... rapists & murderers are the hero of our country ...... 
"You are aware that my uncle is justly displeased with my cousin?" "I know he's displeased, but I am sure he has no good reason to be."
Bags are packed to fly back to Singapore 
High five . 
musical scientist ... :) 
"And how do you like your place?" "It is everything that is pleasant. You wished me good luck, Dodger, and your wish has been granted."
ohhhhhhhhhhhhh nooooo ...... jst spchless 
does this post bring tears in eyes and smile on ur face at the same time ... ???? 
journal of web semantics elsevier
is India a democratic country ? 
njoying ...... 
Roger Federer is really a magician ..... 
lucky chap he is ... :) 
Dodger looked about in a cursory manner, not feeling any particular interest in his surroundings, for he had but fifteen minutes to wait, but he thought it rather queer that it should be thought necessary to lock him in.
awesme ...... 
Sourav Nayak ..... amar sathe 1hr . chat korar por bujte parlo je o kar sate chat korche ....... tao ami bolar por ............ 
The boy distrusts him, too. So you see, Dodger," she added, aloud, "I am not a rich young lady, as you suppose. I must leave this house, and work for my living. I have no home any more."
President Pranab Mukherjee signed the ordinance on food security on 5 July 2013 which seeks to give legal rights to 67 per cent of the population over subsidised grains every month . Now , with the presidential consent , the bill will be presented before the Parliament when it convenes for the Monsoon Session . The Government had issued the ordinance to give nation's two-third population the right to get 5 kgs of foodgrains every month at highly subsidised rates of 1-3 Rupees per kg amid political opposition . The food security arrangements will be the largest in the world after implementation , with the government spending estimated at one lakh 25 thousand crore rupees annually on supply of about 62 million tonnes of rice , wheat and coarse cereals to 67 per cent of the population . 
purono sab smriti bismriti ............ arekta gelo ...... 
Shankholita chakra hope tui single . tokey dekhle amr modhye suye thaka hyena ta jeno jege othe . ami ekta khudartho bagh er rup dharon kori . tor sex appeal r garom ushnota aamar glucon d er kaaj kore . tokey ami bukey petey chaai . praan lagiye bhalobaste chaai energy diye . kabe aasbi tui aamar kache . r tor soiche na . puro aagun er fulki berochhe jeno thikre thikre sab jaayga theke . your faculty : engineering 
As for Dodger, she thought, rough diamond as he was, that she saw in him the making of a manly man, and she felt that it was a privilege to assist in the development of his intellectual nature.
"You can read and write, can't you, Dodger?" "Yes; I can read pretty well, but I can't write much."
"What keeps you so long, Miss Linden?" she said. "Is mamma keeping you?" Florence was silent, leaving the explanations to Mrs. Leighton.
sach bolna mana hai ............... :) 
It was a trial to part with it, but there seemed to be no alternative.
Biswajoyda 
different characters .. different size of their world .. it can consist of only one , two , three , four .... many ... whole ..... :) 
Miss call ta keno marlina re ... 
"I am afraid some one will have been engaged already," said the reporter; "but if not, your chances will be good."
SBI guidelines- Public News 4 a true Indian : Bcoz of written Rupee note , Indian Govt . has Rs . 2638 cr loss per year .. plz don't write anything on Rupee Note bcoz they can't be used for std transactions .. Eg u can't find written notes in ATM ... plz paste it on ur status so that everyone become aware of the fact .... a useful message is better than many jokes ... 
"I don't know what's come to me," he said to himself. "It can't be more than seven or eight o'clock, and yet I feel so sleepy I can hardly keep my eyes open. I haven't worked any harder than usual to-day, and I can't understand it."
"I live in the lower part of the city," she answered, with hesitation.
kuchh khas hai ... kuchh pash hai .. ek ajnabi ayehsash hai ................. 
But just then the door opened, and Florence, rushing into the room, sank at her uncle's feet.
heheh . .. true ... 
THIS IS AN AWESOME , OUTSTANDING MOVIE ..................... 
   "There is a ship coming north, and we are going to hail her     and give her letters to carry home, so I hope these few lines     will reach you all right. I suppose I am in for it, and must     keep on to San Francisco. But I haven't told you yet how I     came here.
(-ve ) to (+ve ) ofcourse ... lokjon abar kisssob vebe ney ... :D 
ek dine koto second
"It is not true, sir," said Dodger, calmly, "about taking the money, I mean. I haven't taken a cent."
"Come to my room, young man; I want to speak to you."
Bankim kathin Bangla shabdo collection
"I suppose that means that you are going shopping; but I don't mind it, I assure you, and I will carry your bundles," he added, magnanimously.
31.05.13 AC canteen e bose a6i amra 3 bondhu , Chokhe porlo ekta meye gale hat diye bose a6e eka eka . Amake akjn bollo meyetar sathe 2 min kotha bolte parle 5 ta goldflake , amar chokh gulo jol jol kore utlo . Ki6ukhn vablam eta kora ki thik hobe tar pore vablam 5 ta goldflake katao vabna chinta . Gelam meyetar ka6e bollam excuse me ami ki akhane boste pari se bollo ha . Tarpor ki j boli ar mathay as6ilo na , bollam tomake toh age kokhono university te dekhini ar se bollo " Excuse me " tao abar with emotions . Kintu goldflake je dak6e , bollam sirf 2 min kotha bolbo and she replies with more emotions " No thanks " . Buker vitor ta jeno thor thor kore kap6e ghori tar dike takiye bose thaklam ar 2 min pore uthe meyeta ke ekta thanks bole chole aslam . Uff ektu holei jeno heart fell hoye jeto . Jak akhn 5 ta goldflake amar . admin : " aaj kuchh toofani karte hain " ;) 
A menstrual cycle is not a good reason to act like a total Bitch to your boyfriend , just fyi ladies --- IR UG III 
Confused .... iphn5 32 Gb or 64 Gb ? 
Arehhh Amir is a different persona ..... doesn't indulge much in natakbaji . .... 
Kabir suman wiki
few suggestions for ZERO DARK THIRTY ... a ) don't watch it in a multiplex or hall , cuz if you want to get 100% of it then you must have the provision for rewind & fwd which you will need through out the movie , cuz even a fraction of a second is an indispensable part of the movie ... if you wanna really enjoy the thing you need to rewind and fwd all the while ... b ) watch the uncut .... going thru the movie will make you feel like doing a thesis on Intelligence Department as a whole ... 
Fcuk u Ms. Banerjee ...... 
When he arose from the table, Curtis supported him to the library.
"And reason enough, too!" "What makes you say that?" "Because you're crazy as a loon."
Boro Mamoni 
"That man?" stammered Curtis, quite at a loss what to say.
"Then, since even if he were living you would not care to recognize him, why not cease to think of him, or else regard him as dead?" "Curtis Waring, have you no heart?" demanded Florence, indignantly.
today was his b'day ...... 
"To the home you have described, my poor boy? How could I do that?" "No; I will hire a room for you in a quiet street, and you shall be my sister. I will work for you, and give you my money."
S.M. final year etce , I am madly in love with you . I just cant live without you . Every day I see you in college , your style statement just makes me mantromukgdho . I am falling short of words to praise you . I t is a dream if you love me . your smile is killer . your body shape and build is awesome . you are the perfect male . i have heard from my senior that at times u indulge into political affairs of college too much but i know u r good at heart . S.M. will u be my life partner ? will u take me on a bike ride in the EM Bypass ? will u allow my kids to officially and legally call u as " daddy cool " ? will u give me your surname ? ETCE 2nd yr girl with specs 
Guys hold ur breath tight , cz the greek god is nw in agnepath'cnt wait 2 c hrithik in hs dashng look ..., 
most important thing to keep the heart healthy ........ always be in love second important thing to keep the mind healthy .... learn how to get out of it hmmm .... feeling extremely hungry for more and more ...... :D :D 
shreeshant ........... tumi gurudev ......... 
"If he does he'll get himself out of it, never you fear. Dodger can take care of himself."
Earn 2500 NikeFuel in Nike Kinect Training 
? Eres un adicto al acondicionamiento f ? sico ! Has superado los 250 minutos de ejercicio . 
I am in debt, and some of my creditors are disposed to trouble me. My uncle is worth--I don't know how much, but I think half a million.
Behala theke nandan jaoar bus
Teacher : Tum bade hokar kya karoge ? Student : Facebooking Karunga !! Teacher : Nahi , mera matlab hai kya banoge ? Student : Facebook pages ka Admin banunga Teacher : Ohoo , I mean bade hokar kya hasil karoge ? Student : Facebook Admin Rights Teacher : IDIOT Mera mtlb bade ho kar mummy papa k liye kya karoge ? Student : Facebook par Page bnaunga ' I LOVE MOM & DAD ' Teacher : Stupid tumhare papa tmse kya chahte h ? Student : Mere Facebook ka Pasword Teacher : Oh God , tumari zindagi ka kya maksad hai ? Student : Facebook , but never Face ur Book . :D :D :) 
Bhalobasa kare koi , seki kebol e jatona moy ? 
"And you actually come from such a squalid home to instruct my daughter!" exclaimed Mrs. Leighton, indignantly. "It is a wonder you have not brought some terrible disease into the house."
kkkkkkkkkkiran nahi say kkkkkkkkkr ..................... :) pyar jyada ho to naam lete waqt aisa hi hota hai .. . i guess . .. :D 
Not kidding ... seriously u can send unlimited msgs for free ... click it , don't worry its not a virus or malware ... just register and send sms for free ... http://site5.way2sms.com/jsp/UserRegistration.jsp?id 
Packing completed .... time to say good bye to Saudi .... 
~ ~ NEVER believe in 3 people : Sagittarius , Aries , Pisces . They are the most selfish and mean . NEVER lose 3 people : Taurus , Cancer , Capricorn . They are the most sincere and true lovers . NEVER leave 3 people : Virgo , Libra , Scorpio . They can keep secrets , friendship , and they can't see your tears . NEVER reject 3 people : Leo , Gemini , Aquarius . They are true , honest friends . :) What's your sign ? 
Important week continues . 
kemon hoto jodi maa ra nihswas hoye jeto/joriye thakto jiboner proti khone/mitiye sab dena paonar hiseb/pore jodi maa abar tomay mone/ami hoyto takhon tomar bayosi/tomar chokhe rakhchi takhon duchokh/dekhchho tumi vetor suddhu khure/bolchho amay ' bujhli ekhon tobe .. keno jagot jure maa maa kore lok'/ami sedin dekhchi shirno duti haat/dekhchi tomar mukher muchki hasi/hoyto sedin mukhomukhi tomar ami/hoyto sedin bolchi valobasi .... 
Supurush susikshito ( ju b.e. , iitb m . tech ) , mnc te kormoroto patrer jonyo sundori susikshita patri chai . Interested patri ra plz comment below .. I will contact you .. I am patro's frnd :P #female 
Really something never chngd .... 
every man has a child within himself which needs to be taken of by his woman !! .... behind that armor , behind that " MAN OF STEEL " lies a softhearted , delicate soul which is sometimes confused , sometimes messy , sometimes mad , sometimes serious , sometimes responsible yet at the end of the day adorable and demands pampering in every way possible ...... P.S. : MEN WILL BE MEN . - Sonalika 
"Is it a long voyage, captain?" asked Dodger.
Saraswati Puja 2013 at Maharani Kashiswari Girls ' High School - My School with Kunal Nandy 
Etai Poriborton .... Koyek din por bolbe je " CPM heater chaliyeche ..... tai kolkata-r temp . eto besi ...... Sob CPM er chokranto ... " 
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is . And the faith to trust our own admission . The admitting is often very difficult . 
You must be addicted to fitness ! You've passed 250 workout minutes . 
bandhu ra karor ki " O negetive " blood aache ? khuuub darkar kakimar operation er janyo . blood er janyo operation thomke aache . plzzzz help me 
"But, miss, twenty dollars will soon go," said Jane, disappointed.
Every time i finish having sex I go to clean up in the bathroom and wipe my penis on my roommates towel . Not because I hate him but because some people just wanna watch the world burn Any ladies in this forum who appreciate this fact can apply for the post of becoming my sweet girlfriend . - multi talented guy from JUETCE 2011 batch 
Dining table tao amar choice er 
Eka vije chole amder sahor ... take buke niye viji aami ... amader sapno mishe jay brishti te .... aar brishtimakha sahore ami ..... pathe pathe paye paye ... chena kichhu abchha achenay .... khatar patay brishtir fontay ... kichhuta mulyoheen kichhuta ba dami ... tai eka vije jay amader sahor .. r take buke niye viji aami ....... :) 
tobuo lok a dekhchhe r chechachhe ... sobbai ki poisa verachhe naki .... :P 
"And there appears to be no need of your doing either, as you are provided with board and lodging till we reach shore."
where is our RIGHT TO PROTEST ????? 
aami jare chai re ............ aami jare cheye o na pai re ........ 
v love u Sarkar .. hd sooo mch fun .. cme bck soon : * 
"But it must be stopped!" she exclaimed, wildly. "He is my husband. I shall not give him up to any one else."
gorgeous ........... 
This was done, and she left the place, half timid, half ashamed, and wholly discouraged.
karor ajker profile pic eta .... 
"What do you mean by such negligence? Do you remember who he is?" "Certainly I do."
"What could I teach you, Mr. de Brabazon?" "Lots of things. I am not very sound in--in spelling and grammar." "What a pity!" answered Florence, with mock seriousness. "I am afraid your aunt would hardly consent to have a boy of your size in the schoolroom."
SAME SITUATION EVERYWHERE ... WE HAVE GEMS IN OUR GOVERNMENT HOSPITALS ... BUT MOST OF THE TIMES THEY HAVE TO FIGHT AGAINST CORRUPTION THAN DOING THEIR OWN DUTY .... SOME ARE THREATEND SOME ARE TRANSFERED SOME ARE COMPELLED TO COMMIT SUICIDE AND EVEN SOME ARE MURDERED WHILE PROTESTING AGAINST IT .... IN ADDITION POOR TREATMENT FACILITIES ... PATIENT PARTIES ARE READY TO ATTACK DOCTORS ONLY NOT THE CORRUPTED POLITICAL PARTIES .. AND IN THIS PROCESS STATE IS LOSING SOME GOOD DOCTORS THE WAY SHOWN BELOW ............... 
shoptaher bar nam origins
south indiate engineering porar best colleges
Enjoyed 18th Kolkata International Film Festival very much ...... almost 9 movies during the last one week ..... and evry movie is a great selection ....... 
faryaad ....................... 
Root ................ 
hahahaha ......... !!! just watch it ..... irfaan wht an actor 
dyaaakh ...... ki koira atkaibi ...... ( y ) 
footer-footage confusion :::: admin er eto fan , followers dekhe footer na likhe footage likhechilam .. Footer er theke footage ta besi effective & entertaining bolei to jantam .. (!) .. jodio kono media personnel e ei confusion dur korte parben . @Aparajita Dutta : ami keno single , eta bojhar jonno apnake osonkho dhonnobad :P @Rashmi Guha ray : Didi , ami sadharon bangla vashay ekta post diyechi .. taar modhye 2-4 te bangreji word chilo .. ete amar " engrji " apni bujhe gelen ! eta to aam gach e kathal khojar moto hoye galo ... :D @Chayan Roy : Aro koekta post e apnar comment dekhlam .. darun sense of humou r ... :) 
asole prem trem sob baje .. / asole amra notun khuji .. /tai naari purushke purush naarike khoje .. 
"Tell me about it, if you don't mind."
amazing .... 
"I am proud to hear you say that. I'm a poor boy, and you're a rich lady, but----" "Not rich, Dodger. I am as poor as yourself."
"Is this true?" demanded Mr. Linden, in excitement.
"I am Mr. Tucker," he said.
"I'll tell you, sir," said Tim Bolton. "That is your own son, whom I stole away from you when he was a kid, being hired to do it by Curtis Waring."
12/12/12 12:12:12 ... and it's Rajnikanth's birthday ... what a coincidence .... b'day is also super extra ordinary ... Happy Rajnikanth Day to you .. :D 
Mind is like a computer . To improve its performance to the highest you must Destroy the viruses of Hatred , Selfishness & Jealousy and store the files of Love , Kindness and Gratitude .......... 
issh ! sokal 6ta theke 12ta kichhui to likhte parlam na kintu ichchhe korle anek kichhui lekha jeto jyamon Amol , Sudha , Chumu , Prem , Shorir .. ta'hole osob lekha gyalo kothay ? roddure roddure shukiye kaath hochchhe swapno .. tumi bhabchho -- dhuss ! ayatosob hochchhe athocho Amol ki ichchhe korle Sudhar chumu khete parto na ! ( Biswajit Layek ) 
feluda ki roj exercise korto
public er petani 104 degree ..... 1st-e kapuni , tarpor jhakuni .... porer ta r bollam na .......... 
About this time he met with an adventure which deserves to be noted.
MICA days ... the cread ... almighty Tandon ... and ... 
Rs . 5 ka khana .... delhi govt . providing us ..... 
"That boy is an impostor," he said. "They are deceiving you."
robindro rochonaboli complete collection free ebook pdf
"She ought to know, and her uncle ought to know," said Dodger. "Mrs.
http://www.2shared.com/document/yyQ0Hvdy/chalo_singlehand.html chalo singlehand . pdf download - 2shared www.2shared.com chalo singlehand . pdf download free at 2shared . document chalo singlehand . pdf download at www.2share.com . 
Mon j kore e uru uru 
elegance forever ..... 
mar hater goyna nie ki kono cinema ache
"Yes, and will--after I get the property. I don't believe in counting my chickens before they are hatched."
hmmm . .. patience all that we need ........... 
Documentary filmmaker Soumitra Dastidar's ' Musalmaner Katha ' - that traces the plight of Bengali Muslims - has been denied a screening at the state-owned Nandan theatre . Police have also demanded a copy of the film from Dastidar . 
Say howdy to your friends ! 
"Why don't he send for her, then, to come back?" asked Dodger, bluntly.
"And what's it all about?" Florence explained matters. Mrs. O'Keefe became indignant.
nadir e par koe chhariya nishshash kon kobita
Darjeelinge jhamela gurung gjm
time now in fribourg switzerland
true ...... 
nabami , tokhno thik thak !!!!!!!!!!! 
jante chas na keno evabe thaki .............. 
"No, uncle," said Florence, impulsively, "make no change; let the will stand."
eternal love story of kong 
It is a funny name, isn't it? You see, his father was a Frenchman."
fundas which help to heal an unconscious soul ... ( y ) 
"I don't know Mr. Waring very well," said Dodger, awkwardly.
admiration passes , love endures ... 
noon na dile khabarer taste hoyna
vabte valoi lage .... ashar katha sonachen jakhon ... :) 
When you read the papers tomorrow morning, think of the unhappy Percy de Brabazon!" Mr. de Brabazon folded his arms gloomily, and stalked out of the room.
Ami banglae gan gai pratul download
Dont ever be afraid of change .. always remember .. God will never take anything away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better .... :) 
Sonia & Rahul Gandhi ........... Are they really citizen of India ? 
ei path jodi na shesh hoy lyrics
Before PSY 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
"I have reason to doubt your words," said Florence, coldly. "I think you are resolved to keep us apart."
Attitude Adjustment ........ 
:(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( 
gurudev .... 
http://www.tumblr.com/blog/apraharaj 
"I think I shall like it ever so much," answered Dodger. "Everybody seems to be wideawake."
Pujo special .. :D 
He was left sole heir to his uncle's large property with the prospect of soon succeeding, for though only fifty-four, John Linden looked at least ten years older, and was as feeble as many men past seventy.
kaan dhore gorur pith theke namate hoy .... :D 
jibon-e ki pabo na ....... vulechi se vabna ..... 
er pore olympics kothae hobe
"Did he? I don't see how he could do that. You kept the door bolted, didn't you?" "Yes, sir; but he throwed a piece of paper out'n de window, sayin' he was kep' a prisoner here. A young man picked it up, and came to de house to ax about it."
Shanto rat ! Ekposhla akal brishtir por , sob dhoya mocha porichhonota charidike . kintu mon kamon kora rat amar ashpasher flabarite andhokar ar shanti . amar ghum na asa rat . valo na thaka mone maa ke joriye soyar arti chepechupe thaki jani ai corporate jibon , branded jamakapor , sunglass , multiplex . . se sob to ai arti gulor binimoyei paoya tabu barbar kano atripti kure kure khay ghun pokar moto amar Eka ghum na aasa rat !! 
"If you'd only tend an apple-stand, Miss Florence! There's Mrs. Brady wants to sell out on account of the rheumatics, and I've got a trifle in the savings bank--enough to buy it. You'd make a dollar a day, easy."
"What did she say of me?" "That, perhaps, you had better not inquire."
can be a good example of ring network ......... 
when u have no other way than fighting for ur own rights , u must be courageous enough first becoz u will find nobody with u then except urself ...... 
pooja i knw u and i have admired u since the day i saw you . you remind me of some one very special but she is no more with me . every time i want to talk to you some how i cant tell you how i feel about you . well this is my final year and i think i will not see you any more but some glimpse of your smile will always give me the strength to live alone . wishing best of luck . ur senior #science 
amar barir pashe ekta math ache
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
It was still early in the evening, and Dodger's time was his own.
Height of customer care ...... Swiss Bank is thinking of opening ATM at Tihar jail ..... 
( NO-MESSAGE ) 
Talk about a triple threat . 
That was my last day at my college . i feel nostalgic about it . 
Majhe majhe dekhchi ajkal kono meyer break up holei char dik theke proposal er bonna boye ashe puro uni theke .. ki disgusting . #male admin : Grapes are sour ! :P 
Nisongo dupure , rate halka bristite manush jake miss kore se ki odhorai thake sobar kache ? naki ami ...... 
sahor jal-er kobita anekdin hoye gyalo anekgulo din ke aami chhuini baddo bhalo kore kobitar shabdo anekdin aamar choukite bosena .. bosena deoale hyalan diye .. anekdin kono onno shahore jaoa hoyna daaoaat paina anekdin ebar pelam , likhbo ki likhbo na ta to janina tobe , anekdin por aabar goshaalar more nambo bus theke sudhu etukui jaani 
If u advice them '' u r dominating '' .... If u don't '' u rn't doing anything '' ...... If u agree to their likes '' u r sweet '' .... If u don't '' u rn't understanding '' ..... If they ask u anything '' it is their right '' .... If u ask '' u r interfering '' ..... src : http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid @r1nd @m $ @rk @r 
"It is coming," thought Florence. "Who could have seen us?" Then aloud: "Yes, madam."
Dhoni again proved that god gives him a lot luck .... 
fun sometimes can be proved as intelligence ....... :) 
mysql servere ki kore user add kore
jekhane bhuter bhoi ar bhuter bhobishyater tulona
Mrs. O'Keefe threw open the door of a back room about twelve feet square, furnished in the plainest manner, uncarpeted, except for a strip that was laid, like a rug, beside the bedstead.
"But they have locked me up here."
:D 
"Is the girl really a governess?" she added. "She is very well dressed."
Bari theke beriye oder bari jawar age - Ami tokhono phone e kotha bolte byasto , last minute preparation cholchhe 
jadavpur er chhatro andolon niye media-r apoprochar ke dhikkar janiye ghatonar punkhanupunkho bibaron ... http://www.guruchandali.com/default/2013/09/24/1380036414034.html#.UkHUhnrrbmL 
Be a good human being but never try to prove it .... :) 
peler khyala ami dekhini ... maradona bolte smritite jiv ber kore or saara maath dour .. sebari nirbaasito holo maradona .. dekhechhi zidan ke .. kintu maradona jakhon world cup arzentina ke coaching korachhe aagerbaar .. sideline-e+bn_suffix dariye thaka oi bitorkito r mota loktaake dekhe gaayer rom khaara hoye jachhilo eta dekhe .. what a come back .. 
"Why not? Mrs. Barnes, you confuse me."
Tomar jonno aj o mon ta khub kande , barreto tomar jaiga opuronio 
Admu(admin ) :) Aami tomake bhalobashi ... you know who i am .. :) I will keep you happy .. :) Beshi bari'r kaaj korabo na ... :) Beshi marbo o na :) and I don't want much dowry :) Amar moto mey pabe na shona mona cutie pie .. :) * on my knees * MARRY ME ADMU :) #female (u obviously know me ) admin : yeah I know you more than you can think ;) 
nodir par ar nodir dhar ekii jinish
Khujchi " incompatibility " ar karon . keu ki sunche !!! 
Tannistho , I love u soo much .. when i saw u in our classroom on the very first day , i fell in love wid u ... toke oneke babachoda bolleo amar oi babachodagiri bes valo lage .. tui amak evabe reject kore dis na plsss ... tui amak chere chole gele ami ki nie bachbo bol .... #Female #Hist , ug-III admin : Well , the girl took the Khisti as a compliment ! :O 
tar mane ki o aj ashbena
Chanda tola kaj ta khub kothin . 
natural comedy .... brilliant performance ... refreshing 
"Thank you, Mr. Leslie," said Dodger, gratefully. "It's something new to me to have a friend like you. But I don't want to be any expense to you. I am large enough and strong enough to earn my own living."
mone pore sei sab din ... :) 
amanda rosenbergke kemon dekhte
Tell your friends you need help ! 
"Florence!" he said. "Tell me why you came here?" "I am anxious about my uncle," she said. "Tell me, Curtis, how he is."
reality ........... 
She kept her seat, still keeping her veil down, for it was possible that Florence might recognize her; and the car moved steadily onward till it turned into the Bowery.
"I'm too rough for that, Florence. I'm only an ignorant street boy."
hard to get ... :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
perfect lunch for these summer noons ...... :) 
"The state of my purse had something to do with the selection, and the kindness shown me by Mrs. O'Keefe, when I needed a friend, will explain my location further." "That is not all. You met in the Madison Avenue car yesterday my nephew, Mr. Percy de Brabazon."
classic beauty ................... omg ......... 
Sulagna Chowdhury I miss you a lot .. pls stop disappearing from facebook . In the campus I always see you with your little group of friends and I know you don't interact with people much . I'd probably never get to know you as closely as I'd want to . But going through your photos and status updates and an occasional reply from you on fb chat used to make my day .. I don't know whether to call it ' love ' or ' liking ' but you are beautiful and you are missed by me at least ! hope you get to see this somehow .. stay happy ! 
BOnDhu tomar ami tai . anyo naam a dekona .... :) 
aage jane raam kya hoga ..... 
TO BE YOURSELF ... in a world that is constantly TRYING TO CHANGE YOU is the greatest ACCOMPLISHMENT ...... 
lesson of life ...... 
@shruti gupta . seriously , m having a HUGE crush on u and its increasing day by day . plz dnt mind bt seeing ur new dp , i hd to confess it once agn , cant help . dnt worry , b happy wid ur bf , may b in d nxt life ... hehe . :P #same arts passout guy admin : and what if the BF has also a next life ? :P 
uske the jo sapne .... bas wohi the apne ... aisa tha Sinbad sailor ... :) ..... sometimes drmzzzz are the best frnds which make us smiling ... 
itna din chhupa raha tha ... aab dikha raha hai ... ' Baap ' aur ' Biwi ' ke baad aab ' Beti ' ke naam pe naam kamayega kya .....!!!! 
"And so is four hundred thousand. After all, your uncle may not die."
Get perfect form on every rep of a drill 
Work culture built korte Govt keno Fingerprint attendance implement korchhe na ? Tahole to Laal Kali- Present-Absent er jhamela tai chole jabe . Office e ese Fingerprint check-in and beranor somoy Fingerprint check-out . Mohakoron thekei suru hok na !!! 
nao .... 
"You remember where you last saw me?" "Yes, sir. At your uncle's house on Madison Avenue."
Plz Help ......... 
Day in , day out . 
SL-3 ( UG 1 Chemistry ) r janla diye arts r balconyta dekha jeto . Tkn first yr . Ekdin dupur e mon diye inorganic r class karchi . Suddenly dekhi sir chitkar korche " are dhor dhor oder , ora pore jabe " . Janla diye takiye dekhi balcony te bose ekta couple passionately kiss karche . Sir r aoaj sune kubi uncomfortable hye gechlo .. :) .. sir tarpor bolechilo " Eta to tomader first yr . Esb dekhe obak hoyona . Egulo KRISHNA r ek ek ta lila . Kichudin pore puro BISWARUP dekte pabe " ... :) 
Suvo saptami 2 al my frnds 
Arindam , 2mi ki sobai kei Ice-Cream khawao ? 1din ki amra 1sathe Ice-cream khete parini na ? r 1ta kotha please shave koro , gal vorti daree 2mk 1dom manay na . :) 
"You'll find it a deal cheaper, and it's more quiet and gentale than goin' to the eatin'-houses. I'll help you all I can, and glad to."
request to admin . ei page ta ke spam er page baniyo na . tomar anek comments ey ektuo haasi paay na . jor koreo na . r j keu admin holei erakom comment likhte parto . may be even better . protyek confession er por por ekbaar kore admin er baar khawano confession biroktikor hoye uthche page ta . nijei nijer name ey confession likhe bogus kore dio na page ta k admin . footnote : admin tumi ekta * * . * * * * * . your faculty : engineering admin : 1st of all , galagali gulo censor kora holo . 2nd of all , ami nijer name post kori na bhai . oto ta nyakamo amar o ase na . ( are you jealous , son ? :P ) lastly , ami kokhono boli ni erokom comment anyo keu dite pare na . Comment on the post , and number of likes on your comment will show whether it passed the Quality Test or not . seta teo apotti thakle JU Matrimonial V 2.0 bole ekta page khule felo . amar kono apotti nei . It's a free country . :) 
adda ba gaan sesh hoy jakhon ... kolkata kolkata mon kemon ............... 
chhotobelar rather mela ........ :) 
mathae bel porle ki lok more jete pare
why we fear soo much ... nothing lasts here forever ..... 
Nothing you have that much passion for is ever a waste of time , no matter how badly it ends or how well it goes ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
"I'm glad you've given him the bounce," said Jane, whose expressions were not always refined. "I wouldn't marry him myself."
hahahhaha ... :P 
hahahhahah .... ...... hilna mana hai .. :D 
Reality is an illusion caused by alcohol deficiency .... 
Aritra Sengupta Oder baar bereche boddo , oder merei koro thanda , ora bhison beyara chatro , ( taai ) chalao counter propaganda . Ora protibaad korey boddo , toley bipodjonok proshno , arreh amra moshaai swoccho , sob nongra rajneetir i dosh-toh ! Taai prothome namabo ABP tarpor police kimba RAF , Fb te naambe ex chatro , bolbey authority jhinchaak ! Ora onoshon korey moruk , arreh ora toh manush noy , ( sudhu ) amra gherao holei koshto , ( sheta ) front page er khobor hoy . - Kortripokkher confession . 
One was the hump-backed negro, carrying on a waiter a plate of buttered bread, and a cup of tea; the other person was--not the old man, but, to Dodger's great amazement, a person well-remembered, though he had only seen him once--Curtis Waring.
Fell in love with you in 2010 , but did not know for a long time you were from JU too ... when I did , it was even more happiness for me . Then in 2012 , I lost it all . I still cannot believe you were taken so cruelly from me . We were not married , but we were supposed to be , and suddenly it was all gone , and all my hopes and dreams were , too . I miss you . Every time I go to JU , I remember the time when we would talk about the place and feel together and happy . Wherever you are , I hope you are happy . Female JU Passout . faculty of your beloved : Science your faculty : Arts 
R koto boss ...... ebar khoma karo .... 
orehhh na na .... !!!!! 
mission possible ...... 
"My fare paid to San Francisco?" asked Dodger, more and more at sea, both mentally and physically.
sooooo ..... just give him/her a meaningful face expression if he/she tells you ... ' I love u from DIL SE ' ..... :) 
A shadow came over Florence's face.
Sonalika ( Lady cr , jani eta bollei tumi tele begune jole otho , tao bollam jalanor jnno ... :p ) tomar lekha gulo porte valo lage , onk din holo kichu likh6o na .... ki bapar ? ja theory likhe6o tar ee ki application a busy a6o ? 
becoz most the times once it is gone it is gone forever .... :) 
# Souma da ( physcs dpt ) ami just pagol hoye gechhi tomar oi lal ( red coloured ) chokh er .. Tmr oi chokhe jeno kmn 1ta nesha achhe .. Ami jst nijeke control krte parina tomake dekhe .. Plzz amk r kosto dio na sona .. Kachhe tene nao amk .. : -* #female 
"No," answered the young man, hastily. "I don't want to see him. I never did like crazy folks. I'm sorry I gave you the trouble to come to the door." "Oh, no trouble, boss."
Brishti Tumi ajhor hoye / sukno pothe jhoro/ swapno gulo jure jure/ dhulor soudho goro/ vije saree joriye gaye / amar kamol lata/ dheer paye kore jay/ jiboner samjhota/ Brishti tomar jhore pora ujar kora mone/ snigdhota makhiye rakhuk/ bishanno joubone/ pichhle giye achhar khaoa /dekhte pichhon fire/ Brishti Jodi banvasi hao/ hoyo nahoy jatno kore .......... 
xm tension lagche 
"Who is the guv'nor, as you call him?" "I can't tell; it wouldn't be square."
subha nabobarsho , 
"And I, too, Florence. He rises before me in his little velvet suit, as he was when I last saw him, with his sweet, boyish face, in which his mother's looks were reflected."
I am now thirty-six, and still I am dependent upon my uncle's bounty.
serious one ... :( 
jar buddhi beshi take dekhte ki kharap hoy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
Time is getting worst for me . 
What the hell .... :( 
"If I had lost it, I have plenty more, but the most serious peril was to my life. Through your opportune assistance I have escaped without loss. I fully appreciate the magnitude of the service you have done me. As an evidence of it, please accept these bills."
hai na ..!!! 
how many of u like their super friendship ....... i do ... :) 
http://www.theunrealtimes.com/2011/08/30/rahul-gandhi-quits-politics-decides-to-pursue-his-passion-for-wildlife-photography/ 
"It isn't exactly stylish," said Florence, with a faint smile.
try this question , hw do u write 2nd june 2011 in 5 ltrs , witout using numbers , if u dont know thn i ll tell u 2morow 
Sob shes ..... ami klanto , oboshono . 
"Same to you, colonel," responded Tim, with a nod.
"Then you are just my age," he said.
"He must have followed me. I was imprudent enough to show a well-filled pocketbook in a saloon where I stopped to take a drink. No doubt he planned to relieve me of it."
Consumption of alcohol may create the ilusion that you are tougher , handsomer & smarter than you are actually are 
Alos somoy katchena ar . 
Tulanamulok Shahityo Bibhag nvr lukd mre ghyam . Anisha Mondal , tumi glam .. tumi fashion rockstar ... ;) 
juhi has a sweet fragrance ........... and the song too 
dil chah tah hai ........................... 
kind of ..... :) 
think 10times atleast before sharing it ... but finaly cudn't resist myself ... 
bhandamir sholokala purno .................. 
Girls Should Agree With this .. ------------------------------------------------------ Boy Friend Jaisa Bhi Ho ,, Awara , Pagal , Deewana , Luchha , Lafanga , Kutta , Kamina Lekin , Jab Uska Message Aata Hai Toh , Chehre Pe Ajeeb Si Smile Aati Hai .. :)) Aur Ladki Ko Ehsaas Hota Hai Ke , " Tedha Hai Par Mera Hai " ....... :D So brothers tedha ho kar sidhi baat with full of bakwaas karo .... :p @r1nd @m $ @rk @r 
http://www.businessinsider.com/navy-chinese-microchips-weapons-could-have-been-shut-off-2011-6 
Sunity Academy Reunion -2013 , Kolkata chapter ( We want more participants for next time -5th January , 201 
Supratik Kar : - " 2004 theke ami JU r student ... anek andolon dekhechi .. 9 ta bachor kete geche .. 2005 r sei bibhisikamoy raat r katha ajo mone ache jakhon 110 ghonta anosoner por police 2 number gate r baire chatroder opor lathicharge korechilo .... aj ami university theke .... nijer deser theke anek anek dure achi poland a .... hayto amar junior bhai boneder pase physicaly thakte parchi na .... but sei 1977 theke jadavpur r chatroder har na manar ... thik ke thik bolar manosikota ta ajo keu harate pare ni kal o keu parbe na ...... sobai ke ektai katha bolte pari just respect and respect to all ..... amra sobai toder pase achi ..... aj governor r bibriti sune mon ta aro kharap hoye gelo ..... tai sei dinta aro besi kore mone pore jache .... " 
Ek main hu or ek 2 i wanna b wit u ,.... yapi .... 
Thus invited, Dodger told his story to Randolph Leslie, keeping nothing back.
Wishng all of my frnds , teachrs n siblngs 2 a very hpy nw yr , 
char dham jatrae kon kon tirtho cover hoy
The boy, glancing at them mechanically, started in amazement. Each bill was for five hundred dollars.
butterfly no . 88 ... :) 
Kon linux distribution use kara uchit
ekdam .... 
x men cinema series bangla subtitles
swagata ( mca ) , https://www.facebook.com/swags.ju?fref tomae dekhei khub bhalo lege gelo . tmr kotha na bhebe somoy i jacchena , apatoto frnd hobe ..,?? Pore onyo kichu vaba jabe ... eta keo khilli kore ni , real post frm a real ashiq ..... me a JU PG student in CSE ............. question tar answer dao swagata mondal ............. apatoto 4nd hbe ????????????? 
Done and dusted ! You took on your first Upper Body session and made the grade ! 
Aj(30th May ) dupure AC Canteen a akta hristo nd pushtho chele black jeans multicolored stripe T pora akta chele Physics Dept . er akta meye k besh bolistho akta darun voice r attitude nea ki jano sob habi jabi porachilo ... CR ota ki 2mi ? u nd that guy r so identical ..... the only differences are he was not wearing any specs , chul gulo tomar theke choto , r ek2 roga ..... 
ting ting ting .... :) 
aalpona diye aanka jol , /jol diye ghera nodi .. /taar jole thake maachh , /nodite nouka chole .. /buro maajhi dinga baay .. /jole shabdo hoy chholat chhol .. chholat chhol .. /noditir pashe tomader bari .. /aage chhilo paach , /ekhon chaar joner songsar .. /baarite tomra chharao phal o phuler gaachhera thake .. /tomar sathe katha hoy .. / r ami nodir gandho paai .. / nodite nouka chole .. /paanite shabdo hoy chholat chhol .. chholat chhol .. / r aamio kakhon ajante hoye jai bhin graamer maajhi .. /amio kakhon ajante hoye jai tomader baarir ekti phuler gaachh .. / ekti paatabaahar .. /tomar sathe katha bolle aami nodir gandho paai .. / aamar nodi hote ichchhe kore .. 
okal bristi o amr jibone kono anondo boue ante parlona 
While Dodger had no discomfort to complain of, it occurred to him that Florence would be alarmed by his long absence, for now it seemed certain that he would have to remain overnight.
tired with this life & with this fucking project .... 
Tuhin ar Tuhin ar chele 
tare ami chokhe dekhini lyrics
tar barite ekta goyal ache
Jibonta boroi berongin lagche . keu ki amake sahajjer hath barabe ? 
Jara break up er por mon kharap kore bose acho .... bhabcho jibon tai sesh .... valobasha bole kichui nei , ota kebol e prohoshon ..... tader jnno bolchi ..... 2mader ae titap jontrona theke mukti dite ami achi , ami thakbo 2mader pase , 2mader sathe ...... 1ta exercise ja 2mader jibon a abar asar alo jagia tulbe .... moner vaar kome jabe ... abr 2mi ager moto hashbe .... jibon cholbe sei purono chonde ..... tahole excercise ta ki r ki vabe korbe ta bole di ....... roj sokale uthe 1glass jol khabe tarpor 1ta apple ( green apple hole besi valo ) khabe .... ota cmplt hole 1ti montro jop korte hobe 25bar ..... montro ta mon dea mukhosto kore nao ..... Daat ( Attitude ) dekhia CHOLE geli takali NA akbar PHIRE , atto MAAL tulbo Ami tui HARIA jabi VIRE mone thake jano 25 bar , tana 25din kaj na dile company tar puro daitto nebe ...... :D @r1nd @m $ @rk @r 
http://election2012.newsbullet.in.s3.amazonaws.com/bengali/index.html 
Sobai k subha panchamir onk suvecha o ovinondon 
Cause nd Effect of Recession : bochor dui age xxx modan saloon a chul katate gea okhankar lokeder conversation ta sunechilam , aj bolchi golpo ta ..... saloon a 2jon barbar , 2jon customer r amk nea 5jon . CAUSE : 1st barbar ta bolche aj kal kajer bajar khub kharap , hater kaj na janle pet chalano muskil .... tokhn 1st customer biri tene bole utlo KI BOLCHEN DADA AJ KAL ENGINEER DER OBDI CHAKRI NEI .... JANEN NA SOB COMPUTER ER ENGINEER GULO K AMERICA THEKE VAGIA DILO ..... tokhn 2nd barbar bollo kano ? lokta abr bola strt korlo , AREH JANO NA AKHN LAPTOP , MANE CHOTO COMPUTER BAJARE CHOLE ASAR POR BORO COMPUTER R CHOLCHE NA , AGE BORO COMPUTER BANANO R SARANO NEA J SOB CHELERA PORASUNO KORECHILO TARA TO CHOTO COMPUTER BANATE SARATE PARCHE NA R , AKHN NOTUN LOK DORKAR .... R AMADER EKHANE OI SOB AKHN O SEKHANO CHALU KORENI .. BYASS SOB BEKAR HOYE BOSE ACHE ..... 2nd barbar abr jiges korlo ta eder akhn ki hobe ? tokhn lokta bole KI R HOBE , AMERICA THEKE ESE CHADNI TE KAJ KORCHE SOB .... EFFECT : 1st customer biri tanche r bolche ARE DUDIN AGEI AMAR NIJER VAIJIR JNNO SOMMONDHO ELO , CHELETA KI AKTA COMPUTER ER COMPANY TE KAJ KORE , AMI TO PURO NA KORE DILAM BIYE DITE ... KONO THIK NEI KOKHN COMPANY UTHE JAY BA CHATAI KORE , TAR THEKE VAI MUDI DOKAN ER MALIK K BIYE KORA ONK VALO .... ami etar kono conclusion a gelam na , ota tomader jnno rakhlam ... @r1nd @m $ @rk @r admin : bar bar barbar dekhte bhalo lagchhe na . ota barber . ;) 
Way to Coral Island 
superb .... 
"There can be no reason for such a foolish dislike. What can you have against him?" "It is impressed upon me, uncle, that Curtis is a bad man. There is something false--treacherous--about him."
After all hectic wok schedule , Family Pressure and Responsibility every one of us miss our childhood , our Small Hometown and above all our schooldays ..... Our school Sunity Academy where we start our Journey for life ..... So only like last few years this year also we are arranging a reunion for all Sunity Academicians just to cherish our memory together and treat an energy booster to our life . 
our fest ............. Sanskriti 
biyer por meyera hate ki ki pore
chhai pore gyalo chhai bhese jaay je jole mishe achhe aamar bhoirab .. 
She took her seat in the drawing-room, and five minutes later there was a rustling heard, and Mrs. Leighton walked into the room.
There is a big GHANCHAKKAR in the world of " Data Mining " ... matha ghurche . 
"Your uncle will come to his right mind some day, never fear! And now, my dear, shall I give you a bit of advice?" "Go on, my kind friend. I will promise to consider whatever you say."
thora sa dil mera bura hai thora vala hai sine me ...... :-) 
@admin ei recession er market e matrimonial is the best business ( courtesy BBB ) jodi share kichu paoa jetoooooooo .............. tahle borte jetam .... pls help me ............. admin : biswas koro bhai/bon , ami ekti futo poysa o paai na eto khatakhatnir por ! :( 
Amra Berhampore Lodge e dinner sere dekhi baire era wait korchhe ... Amar baba-ma , Rabi kaku and bapin kaku er family ... pujote ei 3 te family eksonge ghore and thakur dekhe . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
WoW ... 
Florence felt a good deal encouraged by Tim's words of assurance, and she went home with her heart perceptibly lightened.
"Unless he has object in it," amended Leslie, shrewdly. "Do you know of any connection this man has with you?" "No; I never heard of him until I entered his house," and Dodger flushed as he thought that his entrance into the mansion on Madison Avenue had been as a burglar.
sooo ...??? that is why I always say someday if the girls get the chances they can also rape .... the important thing is to change the mindset irrespective of gender biasness .... actualy this is a sick society in which we are living now ...... we need to spread and inject love more than anything ..... 
Nandigram andolon mamata poschimbongo
ratri k aami ekhon chinte paari na .. ratri ekhon labon chhara .. se raate tui chhili sange .. je raate mor duaar guli .. tarporer galpota to sobai-i jane , dorja venge gyalo jhore .. ekhon aami r raatri obhimukhe jaatra korina .. maatrahin r kauke baasina bhalo .. raate aamar bhengechhe duaar .. kintu aaseni jyotirmoy .. idaning anek manusher sathe katha hoy raate .. katha hoy facebook-e kintu tor sathe r katha hoyna .. raatri aage aamar maadhyom chhilo .. tor kachhe pouchhobaar maadhyom .. tarongo nei r .. kono tarongo nei kotthao ekhon r bhalo laage na raat sakal , dupur , bikel kimba sondhye- seo ki khub bhalo lage r ! aage aami anayaase raatri jaagtam ekhon kasto hoy jagte . aage aami anayaase kobita likhtam ekhon kasto hoy likhte .. jai hok , tui bhalo thakis .. raatri bhalo thakuk .. tor sakol raatri bhalo katuk .. bhalo thaka bhalo .. 
yummyyy ...... :) 
"Now, Mattie, just mind the stand, and don't be runnin' away, or them boys will get away wid my whole mornin's profits. Do you hear?" "Yes, mum."
Amar ubuntute sudo apt gete kono download hochhena keno
SALUTE the HEROs .... mainly in the white T and respect the person whose head produced this idea ... 
happy new year to all of my friends ......... hu hu la la ......... jst rock 
@E #$%^%&%^&^*$#@ .. :D 
Bangla akademi juktakhar saralikaraner padhhati
firstly , i apologize for not knowing who was this ' lord GGR ' ... i saw some comments mentioning his name ( lord GGR , that is ) , and some confessions about him ... i was clueless about this guy ... now the confession is , i finally found out who is lord GGR ... he's Gourab Ghosh Roy . i immediately sent him a frnd rqst , and now , i'm trying to gather as much info about him as possible . that's becoz i still don't know what makes him so popular . bt right now , i will relish the success of finding out the real man behind the outstanding title . ug 1 , arts . admin : Now day after your birthday is more awesome I guess , belated Happy Birthday , Lord GGR ! :D 
Mom u have shown me the light ........ :) 
Tim Bolton was filling an order, and did not immediately observe him.
But she did feel sore at heart that her uncle made no sign of regret for their separation.
Sumit da .. philosophy .. pg 1 .. ami bohudin dhorei tomar sathe kotha bolte chai .. kintu thik sahos pai na .. tomake dekhlei amar mone hoy u r d best .. but tumi to tomar bondhu der charaa r karor sathei kotha bolo na .. kano tumi eto chupchap ? pls .. amar sathe kotha bolo .. i feel for u .. plss ... jodi tumi kotha bolte chao tahole pls let me know by dis post .. bye .. #female / arts / ug 2 P.S. aj jokhon tumi bristi te vijchile world view te dariye tomake eto sexy lagchilo j mone hocchilo giye joriye dhori .. :) 
oye hoye ...... ke chena jachhe to .....? 
cant believe it .. is it a summer morning ...?? what a weather .. aha ..!! nazuk nazuk ... :D :D 
IF UR IN LOVE : -------------------------------------------- - Make the best of it . - Don't doubt anythng . - Enjoy it bcoz nothing lasts 4ever . IF U JUST BROKE UP : ---------------------------------------------- - Don't cry ! Remembr that u had a gud time . - Nvr stay alne ! Ur friends are Der . - Hug more people . - Stop listening to sad music ! It only make things worse . IF UR SINGLE : ----------------------------------------------- - Stay happy :) - Hang out with friends and family . - Try looking 4 sumeone who you think is da best for u . @r1nd @m $ @rk @r 
"The more fool she. Kape her at home and out of his sight, or there's no knowin' what he'll do. And, Dodger, dear, kape an eye on the apple-stand. I mistrust Mrs. Burke that's runnin' it."
kolkatar ashepashe weekend ghorar jaiga
bong beauty looks gorgeous in sharee ..... 
Arpo - Uff . koto taratari sob satano jai ... 
This week is going to be very important for me . 
"Hear him now," said the apple-woman, laughing. "He will have his joke, Miss Florence, but he's a good bye for all that, and I'm glad he's goin' to lave Tim Bolton, that ould thafe of the worruld."
comp lit'er+bn_suffix anisha ... tere gaal gulabi nayen sharaabi chaal nawabi rey kya jhandu balm banogi , darling mere liye ? ;) your faculty : Engineering 
diner shorbochcho tapmatra kokhon hoy
hisssssssss !!!!!!!!! 1 
Ajke dekhlam tomake 8B bus stand e adhbheja hoye ekta cheler haat joriye egiye jachchile . Dekhe etotai mugdho holam j pichhu nite baddho holam . Kintu University gate er samne porjonto giye r khuje pelam na . Ki korbo bujhe na pere khanikkhon okekhkha korlam kintu r dekhte pelam na . Tarpor ekta chotto kaj sere firchi tokhon abar dekha millo . Brishti bheja chul , adhbheja poshak sob miliye vison misti lagchilo . Dekhlam songer cheletir songe egiye tollygunj er auto te uthe gele . amar gontobyo chilo naihati . Tai jabo ki jabo na vabte vabtei auto chere dilo r tomake jeno ekebarei hariye fellam . Songer cheleti tomar boyfriend ki na jani na kintu tomar jodi nishpap bondhutte kono apotti na thake tahole ekhane janiyo , ami tomake inbox kore nebo . P.S. Ei golper nayikar porone chilo blue jeans r maroon knee length jama r kandhe ekta vanity bag . Songer cheleti neel shirt porihito chilo . 
Arekha bochor kete gelo jiboner.ai bochorer prothomdikta bhaloi chilo , majher somoyta amar jiboner hoito sera somoy chilo , ses dik hoito sobcheye kharap somoy gelo . Jaihok bhalo kharap mishiye bochor ta aj ses , ashakori agami bochor aro anek notun obhigotar somukhin hobo . bondhura notun bochore bhalo thako , bhalo thakte sahajjo koro . 
dine koto bar cha khawa uchit
Dodger drew back, and Curtis opened the door and went out, bolting it after him.
we're born alone , we live alone , we die alone . only through our love & friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone .. 
aaj propose day .... keu ki propose korbe amay ? ta jekono kichui hote pare ... 
#Sayan love u so so much .. Ami konodin toke vulte prbona .. Tui amk accpt kor or na kor it doesn't matter .. I vl love u alwayz :-) #female ( science ) admin : again a notification to all Sayans of the university . :/ 
song is mast ... hot fav of that time ... 
snigdho ..... :) 
paash phire shuyechhe ek pakhi/ paash phire bosena se uthone .. / komore taar saada jhokjhoke tarobaari .. / meghera jhup kore esechhe shaakhay , padokkhepe/ paash phire haawar moddhe chole gyachhe taara .. / ei to prothom , ei to prothombaar/shraaboner rong tomar mukher mato .. 
For an hour Florence was engaged in playing waltzes, gallops and lanciers music. Then a lady who was proud of her daughter's proficiency volunteered her services to relieve Florence.
With a baffled growl Curtis Waring darted a furious look at the three.
"Do you know," he said, reflectively, "you have done for me what I once did for another--a rich man? The case was very similar. I was a poor boy at the time. Do you know what he gave me?" "What was it, sir?" "A dollar! What do you think of that for generosity?" "Well, sir, it wasn't exactly liberal. Did you accept it?" "No. I told him that I didn't wish to inconvenience him. But I asked you how much money you supposed I had. I will tell you. In a wallet I have eleven thousand dollars in bank notes and securities."
biharer mid day meal durghotona
more aro aro aro dao pran music video
news on JU HUNGER STRIKE 
paying 700 RF for a bottle of Beer(550ml ) & 950 RF for 500ml drinking water 
Mutuda ( somu sengupta , etce 2013 ) amar sathe ekdin aquatica berate jabe ? dujon mile pran bhore jolokeli korbo ... songe abar atryee ke eno na .. oke dekhlei jhat jole jai amar .. # female # 34-38-32 admin : amar ekta kobita mone porlo . " meengon heen hoye chhilo sorobore ; ekhon tahara sukhe jolokrira kore . " :P kar lekha bolte parle prize achhe . tobe seta comment e bolle hobe na . :P 
table tennis shekhar bhalo coaching centre
"But what can he have against poor Dodger! Is it because the boy has taken my part and is a friend to me?" "He wouldn't like him any better on account of hat; but he has another and a more powerful reason."
gondogram kothar thik mane ki
May be this is for umpteenth number of times , but still . Gourab Ghosh Roy , I love you . Can you be mine ? @Admin , if you don't post it , I will commit suicide citing your name in suicide note . #female . admin : what will you write there ? Some ' Ad Min ' is responsible for your suicide ? :P 
Pic captured by my new mob 
mere ghar se tumko kuch samaan milega ... diwane shayar ka ek diwan milega ... or ek cheez milegi ..................................................... tuta khali jaam .... mein chala , mein chala ..... :) 
"I'll give you five dollars, and not a penny more," said the broker, surveying her distressed face, shrewdly. "You can take it or not."
Florence ran her eyes rapidly over this note, but her heart did not respond, and her resolution was not shaken.
Dupure adda marchi frnds der sathe Ashirbad canteen a . Someone sitting behind me was talking wid another guy about dormitories in Harvard n Yale . Turned around to see j k ei shob nam nichhe n to my surprise found a supacute guy dressd in formals ! Dunno what faculty or whethr u r from JU but if u r reading this , dude are you single ? Can v b frnds ? Sum1 tag him here plz . #a popular female from Arts 
Sorry friends.it was a mistake yesterday . Please ignore it as an error . I apologies for the mistake . 
"I say, let me out!" continued our hero, beginning to kick at the panels.
dirgho nrishongso kichhu jatona ... asohayotar abodomito bedona .. mishe gelo raater andhokare ... proti niyoto dhorshito jibon .. lanchhito monushyotter bishleshon ... abar khoyprapto holo ... chupisare agochore .... 
finally at Kolkata ...... 
prem byaparta achamkai ... attoyonto aprotyashito vabe hotat hoe jaay ... bostuto prem bishoy tai hotat kore hoar bishoy ... jader kebol e prem " paay " ... tara adou asol premi kina ... god knows !! matrimonial page take sadarthe byabohar korle valo hoy ... prem ba bier prostaber name ei je asankhyo kuruchi purno prostab protidin annonymously posted hochhe ... ete ki page tar konoi uddyeshyo sthapito hochhe !?? bodh kori , admin o birokto !! tai tar witty footer gulo antorhito hoe gechhe .... chhele athoba meye , sobai plz prem bpr ta ke seriously nie ei page e kichhu post koro .... 
LOL 
look at the size 
Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones . 
"How, then, did you hear from her?" "Dodger came with an expressman for her trunk."
Florence gave her young pupil a partial explanation of the cause which had led to her discharge.
Our MTCT batch ... 
:((( 
TODAY IS ANTI-DRUGS DAY ( 26TH JUNE ) ... STAY AWAY FROM ANY KIND OF MOOD AND MIND ALTERING SUBSTANCES 
"And what do you think now, sir?" whispered Mrs. O'Keefe (to give her real name).
mary chrsmas 2 all of my friends , sisters n colegus also ' .. jst enjoy , nd its party tym .. nw i'm in hydrabd , n here chrsmas celebrtn is awesm , santas r roaming with his bags here n there , strts ar decortd with lts of chrstmas tres , n lights , such a beatyfl city i evr hd seen .. thnks jesus 4 snt me here in ths chrstmas , la la la .. uu u , ting ting ting 
forsha , lomba , slim age-23 got 83% in bsc need a boyfriend :p #science pg #female admin : Do you exist , really ? 
ma n me 
Dodger struck the stick sharply on the sidewalk three times, and the ruffian, apprehensive of arrest, ran around the corner just in time to rush into the arms of a policeman.
touchy touchy touchy ........ :) 
jantor chhele ... 
Yes ........... we win 
hahahhahahaha ...... saaf baat ....!!!! 
FICT 
le ... BCCI .... 
me n bony ...... 
"It seems to me that he knows more about you than you do about him. It also seems to me that he is anxious to get you out of New York, the farther the better." "But what harm could I do him in New York?" asked Dodger, puzzled.
"There, my dear, what do you say to that?" asked Mrs. O'Keefe, complacently. "All nice and comfortable as you would wish to see."
"Nor would I, miss. Where are you going, if I may make so bold?" "I don't know, Jane," said Florence, despondently.
chhobi akar pot mane ki
Anyone going to Coochbehar tomorrow ( 21-12-2012 ) ??????????? 
ibm indiate ki nie research hoy
meaningful .... 
31st , sombar dupure college st . r bikele kalamandire sumane eso ... 
sachin tendulkarer recent chhobi
memories ..... in JU 
Arkabandhu , the name's enough I guess . Everyone knows him !!!!! I'm head over heels in love with you . To begin with , your name has this enchanting enigma !!!! You have this cute side of yours ^_^ I mean how can't one possibly adore it : * ! Not only that most of all you are an achiever ( unlike those other douchebags ) !!!! I mean your track record is impeccable ( To top it all up you have this never ending list of admissions ) . I can't think of anyone else other than you . They don't make men like you anymore !!!! :( And ofcourse , you are a looker . Women can't have enough of you , I know that . To quote Irene Adler from Sherlock " I'd have you right now on this desk and beg for mercy TWICE " I'm sure the other thing's also as long as your list of achievements !!! You may have many admirers , but learn to segregate your true ones !!! Best of luck for your career . One day our roads shall cross :) admin : long other thing ? ;) 
jara ananda bajar a ghotona ta poris ni tader jnno akta chomchom jinis dilam .... chekhe dakh roshe vora roshmalay puro http://www.anandabazar.com/5pgn1.html @r1nd @m 
"Have you seen anything of Dodger, Mrs. O'Keefe?" asked Florence, breathlessly.
"Penniless?" repeated Florence, in an accent of surprise.
desktop to laptop to notebook to tablets to spaceglass ... this is the present computing , you will really need to try hard to believe this technology http://9gag.tv/v/1042 
Poila boisakhe ami r amar bor lobhe pore nokia lumia 820 red r cyan kine nilum .... 
aar jodi naa-i thaki ... jebhabe sobai thakake chene , sebhabe hnete chloe nishwase aar jodi naa-i thaki kaal theke ! jodi kaal theke aamar buke ar kashto naa tataay ... kaal jodi aami karor haater bhetor ek muto chhai .. ki bolbe adalot ? kichhu bolbe ki er paro ? 
need your help guys .... plz 
sotti bolchhi , jakhon khub kanna paay , kobita aamar kanna mochhate paarena . / manush paare . /jakhon khub eka laage .. /kobita aamake sangosukher uttaap dyayna . /manush dyay . /ami kobita likhte paarina . /priyo sampadok , priyo paathok , /biswas korun ami ek line-o kobita likhte parina . /ami dhaar kore likhi .. rin kore likhi .. /tomaar chokh .. shitol paati .. shishir kona .. desher maati .. /sob dhaar .. sob .. sob rin aamar .. /aamar nijer nirmaane kichchhuti nei .. /aami sudhu daalal maatro .. /jake tomra upadaan balo , /taato tomrai diye jao .. /ami sudhu tuke tuke rakhi chorer mato .. /kobi anek kothin jinis .. /kobitar shorir apaap-biddho .. /aamito e du haate anek paap korechhi .. anek .. /kobitar shorir ami tai chhuini kakhono .. /kobita dekhechhi aami tomar chokhe .. aatop chaaler gandhe .. /amito sesob toiri korini .. /ami tai kakhono kobita likhini .. 
simply awesome .... 
"Why, it is a great deal pleasanter than going to school, Miss Linden.
"I say nothing about that, Jane; but I will not marry a man I do not love."
anondobajar / telegraph gelo koi ...... 
@Titir Mitra Anonto otikay bishonno mahakay anonto achchhedyo ami ! bishodhoro bhujongo udwel torongo morichika mridongo tumi ! anondo toma sone rakhi mone sojotone tomar sannidhyo jachi ! Mori mori hasyo tobo meduro mithe lasyo tobo toma bina kemone ami bachi ? 
sobai ke banerjee ba chatterjee hote hobe ..... noilei kalabe ..... 
Again !!! Again your footer !! Am female ! Actualy am not sure ... Tomar footer er preme porechhi na tomar !! admin : Of course the former one , dear ! You Can't See Me ! :D 
"And he?" "He looks about thirty-five."
absolutely true .... 
Basanti ronger chopa sarite/ek gachi chul narite narite/aso amar buker barite/kichu kotha chilo gopone parite . 
CROSS CHECKING 
"But she has left the house. That seems to show that she is in earnest."
meghala akash , nei obokash . darie rastar mor e bristi veja chaier dokane tor oppekha te . sada top r neel jeanse valoi lagchilo tok but pase cheleti bori paji jante pari se ke ???????? #Science admin tip 1 : kodapi naari diger songi ( ba khetrobisheshe songini ) der paji , bodmash ityadi sombodhon koribe na ! uhar folswarup prothom ordhei goal khaibar somuho sombhabona ! :P 
howrah bridge in someone's eyes ......... which i cross everyday ... pic is simply awesome 
Tim Bolton seemed busy thinking. Finally he brought down his hand forcibly on the bar, and said: "I begin to see through it."
"'I'm a baggage-smasher myself,' says Dodger, 'and I can smash as well as you.' "Wid that the man up with his fist and struck at Dodger, but he dodged the blow, and gave him one for himself wid his right. Just then up came a cop.
"I shall be glad to have you near me."
shubho nabobarso bandhura ..... 
Reception of Chandan Sinha's Marriage 
bunionke banglae ki bole
kothagulo khub sotti 
khilli ..... :D 
ABOUT M . TECH 
Month 
rash leela sri krishna pictures
gdmorn ... :) 
SHUBHO BIJOYA TO ALL MY FRIENDS .... PUJO SESH .... ASCHE BOCHOR ABAR HOBE ...... TOBE EKTAI PRARTHONA MAA DURGA R KACHE ....... BLESS US WITH THIS KIND OF WEATHER CONDITION IN EVERY YEAR DURING PUJA DAYS ............ 
"Pshaw! what can you know about it?" "Then you really expect to marry her some time, Mr. Waring?" "Certainly I do."
@29th april semestere guard daoa research scholar ( department bolchi na ) , tumi heavy sexy ... tumi r guard dile amake xam er majhei bar bar bathroom e dourate hobe ... Admin : kon dept bole dite parte bhai .. tomader bathroom ta r use kortam na konodin :P 
"I like you already," said the little girl, impulsively. "I've got a cousin that will like you, too."
He noted the pitching of the ship, and there was an unsteady feeling in his head, such as those who have gone to sea will readily recall.
JU'r cheleder amar bishaaaaaaaaal pocchondo mairi .. if anybody in 1st year needs a non-JU gf , contact . I'm non-JU , 18 and single . Plus , ( maybe this would help , maybe not ) I'm a tomboy , and oshojjyo nekamo ba kobita path na holeo cholbe ;) - female , outsider . :D admin : After being acquainted with my comments , still you say we Jodubonshiyos indulge " oshojjyo nekamo " ? :O 
Money can only buy never feel ...... 
Soumi Biswas didi ( Archi'2011 ) ... ami tomar theke onek choto .. Ju ETCE 2013 batch ... tomake university te onek bar jhari merechi .. gahctolar pash diye ... canteen ... mathe .. tomar osonkkhho admirer+bn_suffix der modhhe ami ekjon nogonno manush ... tomake didir chokhei dekhi .. sudhu ekta question ache mone .. parle reply dio ... Didi tumi ki kore tomar oi anindysundor chehara maintain koro go ? sorger apsarao tomar kache har mene jabe .... amar mobilei+bn_suffix tomar prai 500 ta chobi ache ... rate tomar katha bhabte bhabte ghum neme ase amar chokhe ... # tomar chotto bhai Admin : Boro Didibaz dekhchi bhai tumi .. JU r Madan Mitra naki ? :P 
ToMaR PuJaR ChhOLe ToMay vuLei thaKi .... BujHtE naRi Kakhon TuMi dAo jE faki .... :) 
chaap .. !!! 
jodi bola jeto .... " ami kono BAUL habo etai amar ambition " . 
Participate in 5 drills in Take on the World 
I do not pretend to defend Carrie, whose conduct was hardly respectful enough to her mother; but with all her faults she had a warm heart, while her mother had always been cold and selfish.
hahahahahahahahahhahahah ..... amazing truth .... :D 
Shreyashi das ami sotti e tomake prochondo bhalobasi . tumi ektu natkhat , naughty and dustu gocher . please tumi ki aamar jibon sangini habe ? ami tomake complete freedom debo . tomake sara jibon khusi rakhbo . admin : dustu kotha ta 3te bhashay bolar ki chhilo ? :O 
"Tell him to go at once. He will need money. In yonder desk you will find a picture of my niece and a roll of bills. Give them to him and send him at once."
"Who are you?" asked Curtis, scanning the man's features with painful anxiety.
keno pao sasti michhe niyom kanun mano na ... tomar ghare basot kore koy jona ... mon jano na .... ) 
silence silence silence .................. now can u hear anything ... 
ultimate bawal .......... 
hahahahhahahahaaha ........... . multitalented sensitive kishore kumar 
nachida .......... awesome ..!!! 
The hackman looked curious when the two men appeared with their sleeping burden, and Curtis felt that some explanation was required.
name ar ki ache ke bolechilen
girls r the most talented creature on this earth .... u know why ??????????? bcoz ..... they listen half .. understand quarter ... BUT .. tell double ... 
ARATRICA GUHA ( history ug1 ) The first time I saw you I knew it was true . That I'd love you forever and that's what I'll do . i just love you the way you are and i know you have many admirers but will you please give me a chance to express my love for u ? ur secret admirer c.l. ( ug2 ) 
Prothome akash kalo kore jhor uthlo , tarpor tumul hawa , sodyo kaishore pa dea chonchol cheler moto hawa ese du ha te muche dilo akasher uthone dea megher alpona , er por sudui apekha , r tokhnoi neme ase bohu protikhito sei borsha , r aj sei borshai vesheche amr sohor ... 
"What could I mean? It merely occurred to me," said Bolton, innocently. "You say he is quiet, thinkin' the girl will come around?" "Yes."
Revolutionary Democracy ..... Dont follow be the ONE ......... 
one more .... 
kire panchu ki khobor , nw i also in facebook 
oi pagli gargi tui khub valo ..... 2r mon ta khub e snigdho ..... 2i jamon achis tamon thak .... change koris na nijeke ..... tor bondhu hote pere sotti e ami lucky ...... 2i toh pagli tai tor samne gea kotha ta boli ni ... kono to thik nei tor , kokhn khak kore kamre dis ...... lov u .... :) your faculty : Engineering 
Learn to love with all your heart and accept the unlovable side of others . For anyone can love a rose but it takes a great heart to include the thorns .... Have a peaceful life ...!! 
everyone ha s its own job to do .. like this small dog ... getting chance which always love tp chew my fingers like ' sajne danta ' with full effort and dedication ..... 
amar gay eto rash beroche keno
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
44 Hrs . of journey started .... 
Jour apr ? s jour . 
"You are too kind, too generous! I ought not to accept such a liberal gift."
Rahman sir .... u r " gurudev " 
"To-morrow morning let it be, then! Hours are from eight in the morning till six at night."
Gorkhaland sankranto khabar
"Then you are a passenger, too?" said Dodger, deciding, after a brief scrutiny, that he should like his new acquaintance.
aha kono intern ship o chai na nthing else than get chance to dating u . . har pal tumharai intezar hai ......... r amr matha betha hole saridon i lage ... vitamin tablet niye ki hbe ????????? dudher sadh ki ghole mete ................... https://www.facebook.com/shaoni.banerjee.1 admin : Ingriji te lekha prothom bakyo ta porei bojha jaay keno tomar dudher sadh mitchhe na . 
awsm sala .... 
She was only half his age--scarcely that--but he persuaded himself that the match was in every way suitable.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
"That's specked, Mrs. O'Keefe," objected Mattie.
Manush obhesher dash , seta akhn haare haare bujhchi !! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v 
"I hope there is no immediate danger," said Bolton, anxiously.
amae pagol kore dish beshi kotha bole
Samit Banerjee ... banu tor plan churi hoyeche ......... Daipayan De 
hahh .... but kalki is sweet .... :) 
Hajabarala pratul mukhopadhyay video
"It'll be a grand experience for a lad like you, Arthur!" said the captain, encouragingly.
"Who is that man, Curtis?" asked John Linden, pointing his thin finger at Tim Bolton, who looked strangely out of place, as, with clay pipe, he sat in the luxurious library on a sumptuous chair.
"I hope you don't let your mind run on such things. You are quite too young."
Saheb Babu 
australiar porer adhinayak ke hobe
listen it again again and wonder how can one sing such a nice song which comes directly from heart .... :) 
hot fav of Nachiketa ..... from school days .... :P 
bangla pg1 er roga chheleta ... tikolo naak , chapa dari ! ****** k toke oneeek din dhore admire kori . pls ****** ke jhere fael life theke ... shes sweet but not suitable for you . marry me . i have been loving you for a long time ! 
While this conversation was going on there were unseen listeners.
2013 amar khub kharap jachhe , aj khelete giye paye kete gelo . oh i am thinking it's 1st week of the year , what is stored for me rest of the year 
bhag bhag D.K. Bose ..... 
Kal prem dibos , tar porerdin bangali der prem dibos , tai bondhura khub anondo koro . 
Someone asks shakespeare : ' u married a girl elder than u , why ? ' . . He showed him calendar n said , " A week has 7 days;' can u say which day is younger ? ' Either sunday or saturday ?? " So love comes in heart not in age " ' love has no age ' Moral : Senior grls are also available for boys :-D :-P valo laglo tai ctrl-c + ctrl-v marlam ..... 
Kabir Chattopadhyay ( JUDE ) , I do not have words enough to tell you what i feel or what i am afraid to feel I am lost in the divine rythm of your eyes and smile Your voice sends tingles down my spine U r nature's perfect example of harmony , and i do not talk about petty things like looks Happy indeed is the woman who holds u close and whispers intimately in your ear Bless her I do not envy u , Anwesha Dutta Tomader dujon k besh manai :) #a -random-female 
Nail paint :)))) 
"You are mistaken, my dear. Did you buy it yourself there?" "No, my uncle gave it to me."
"Mrs. O'Keefe," said Dodger, "this is the young lady I spoke to you about--Miss Florence Linden."
new york ar washingtone beranor jayga
amar microsoft word barbar crash korchhe keno
He started when he saw Florence.
"I will give you twenty-four hours more to come to your senses. Then, if you persist in your ingratitude and disobedience, you must find another home."
"Is Mr. Waring at home?" he asked.
Robibasoriyo ...... 
Ananya barua cl ug-I .... i liked u , bt amake hothat unfriend kore dili .... amar dos ta ki 6ilo ? Liking you ? 
barong jato din jabe ... maal ta aro bigrobe ... :P 
ekon onek raat ...... tomar kadhe amar niswas , ami beche achi ..... tomar valobasai ...... 
evening snacks ... 
r je shial sab kichhu dekhe ........ Financial 
feel good .... 
Wo nafrat hi he jise duniya lamho me jaan leti hai ... Warna ,, mohabbat ka pata lagane me ek umar guzar jati hai ..... :) 
Baser bera 
"I have no doubt of it."
alone in a dark way .......... 
brishti dhoya raat ... karnishe kar haat .. eka ke dariye asamaye ........ . enjoying the song 
Girl was wearing T-shirt which a Railway Track was printed ... Girl : y u r luking at my T-shirt without taking your eyes ? u never seen a railway track ? Boy : no , i have seen so many railway tracks But this is d first time i m seeing a railway track with Speed Breaker :-) Copied from Sourav Chodhury's wall 
amra vuktobhugi ...... tobe khonja ta besh ekta thrilling byapar .. :P 
case ta sotyi hole ei maal take ki kora uchit .... puro mere na fele .. haat paa kete kete nun diye joriye rakha jete pare ... 
Life is a gamble , play it , may be at loosing side , again play , until you win . 
anek vire mishe giye ekla hole ........ duhaat bujhi nonta jol makhe .. :) 
rhythm correct ........... 
Atrayee Chakraborty , philosophy u are the most pretiest gal I hv seen . Ami tomar prem e poreci .. Parle fb te keu msg krle reply dio .. Iti tomar secrt admirer . admin : * most pretty 
"I am not your servant, sir. You have nothing to do with me."
Navonil(IR , PG1 ) , 2mi keno bojho na tomake chara ami ashohay ....... tomake khub miss kori , 2mi campus e dhuklei ami tomay feel kori . #female , arts 
"At present," answered Bolton, cautiously, "I prefer to say nothing on the subject. I will only say the boy's disappearance interferes with my plans, and I will see if I can't find out what has become of him."
jahhh ... pore gelo .....!!!! :) 
tini aschhen ........ 
caring matters ..... 
awesome ... 100% true .... 
"Bully for you!" said Dodger. "Excuse me," he said, apologetically. "I ain't used to talkin' to young ladies, and perhaps that ain't proper for me to say."
"I dare say you understand your business, Mrs. Barnes, but if my uncle should be disappointed, I am afraid the consequences will be lamentable."
"Now I shall summon the police, and you can do as you please about going."
"Is there anything I can do for you? I am a rough man, but I'm not so bad as you may think."
din ani din khai population in kolkata
"Well, we might go around and see Tim--and find out whether he's got hold of him."
real one .. :P 
"Thank you, Carrie; I will stay with pleasure."
Facebook Guide 4 all the girls out there ----- -When a boy accepts ur Frnd rqst it means he accepted ur " Frndship " not ur " Proposal " -When he Tag u it means he wants 2 share his Thoughts wid u and not dat he's Lost in ur Thoughts ... -When he comnts on ur status it means he's jst being Social nd not Flirting , -When he Lyk ur cmmnt it means he lyk ur comment nt u . :P :P 
asmita namer mane ki
Rape is not at all only a woman issue .. it is just a kind of fight for ur existence and the fight against a attack ... even men can be raped i think .. nothing shameful about it ... a real man will never be reluctant to marry a girl who has been raped .. and same for the women also .. :) .. here in this case men mostly win because of their physical strength .. whtevr im not influencing the girls for doing the same with the men when they r in groups and find a man alone in a bus during the night times ... just sharing some helpful tips .. BE PROUD TO BE A WOMAN NEVER BE SCARED OF BEING IT .... :) 
"Who are you?" he demanded, angrily. "And how dare you enter a gentleman's house unbidden?" "Are you the gentleman?" asked the intruder, with intentional insolence.
Baba in a stunning look 
ami tomake valobasi tamile ki habe
NEW YEAR GIFT ------ GOT OFFER LETTER FROM COGNIZANT 
amar kasperksy eto ram nichchhe keno
ekhon JiBan MaRon dudik diye nebe amay tani ............. 
lokjon ajke hebby ashay ashay chhilo ....... duto chand dekhbe bole ... ek khanao joteni bhagye .... Madhumita Dasde :P 
beautiful ...... 
"Eactly. Now we are coming to it. You took them, and gave them to him?" "No, I didn't. I haven't seen him since that night."
CORRUPTION IS KILLING INDIA ........... 
"Thank you, sir." Mrs. Waring was overjoyed when Dodger called upon her and offered to take her back to New York.
dedicated to all girls : never care about what other people think of you because you will be perfect to someone , stop worrying about your eyeliner , hair , dress etc . because one day you'll find a man who won't care about them and will Only look at your heart !! P.S. : While writing this there was one person in my mind in particular , the girl who thinks she's ugly , the girl who's losing her self-confidence .... we , this page's followers know her as MORAINE .... girl , you are beautiful and don't lose hope ever , it's the only thing that keeps us going !! Enjoy life and keep loving :) :) - Sonalika 
Mamata bolechilen Kolkata ke London banaben ..... OMG ..... ami vabtei parchi na ..... amra Thames ( Ganga ) er dhare khelbo ........ Tobe Didi plz Train gulo ke 300 KmHr-e chalio na ..... amra sadharon manus oto speed nite parbo na .......... 
horribly true ... bus conductors , persons in coupon counters shud be added also ..... :D 
The result was that among a large number of applicants Mrs. O'Keefe was selected by Curtis as Mr. Linden's nurse, as she expressed herself willing to work for four dollars a week, while the lowest outside demand was seven.
oops !! i missed out a part .. Tapomoy bhattacharya is frm chem engg . #bidisha wanted to knw it ... :) sry for the inconvinience .. 
henry comicser nam gablu holo keno
Amai tane rat jagano din/amai tane gurho ondhokar/amr ghum venge hotat khule jai modhyo ratrir bondho daar 
chennai expresser bangla subtitle
"She seems quite a ladylike person."
bristi veja e sondha , vijchi ami eka eka . sedino chilo bristi veja mone ache se din tir kotha ? amro chilo na mone , aj bristi dekhe , ki jani hotat kano porlo mone . baire hotat porlo baj , jorie dhorte chaichi tok aj . bidduter ei jolkani , kore dek tok amr rani . tui j r amr na , tao bole jai esob kotha ki korbo bol mon j ta mane na . boi er vaje tor photo ta , amy tok vulte dey na . # male 
have a good day .... :) 
ghuri harano chhotobela ... ekla palano dupur chhad ... ghhuri-r sathe chupichupi ... kamranga r nun er swad ... chhera ghuri jurte sekha .. lut te sekha arekta ... ghuri gulo sab swapno ekhon .... ke jane kothay latai ta ........!!! season has started already ........ :( 
OMG .............. :O 
"Do you know, Miss Linden, you don't look at all like I expected."
Hey , this is for , ug1 . history dept . green zone e bondhu der adda dilei hobe ? dur theke roj j dekhi kheyal koro na ? i love u yaar . i love u a lot 
"And then?" "I was startled, and ran to her side."
s ***** , EE . Aj o mona pora tor satha katano dingulo . Sei south point ar sirita bosa adda ditam , r majhe majhe tor norom gal 2to tiptam . Toba sei din ar kotha sobcheya mona pora jedin bristi te tor thanda laghchhilo , r gachh er niche dariya ami tor norom gal e amar 2 thoth er chhoya diyachhilam . Oi abesh kono din bhulta parini ra . Oi prothom oi shesh . Aj tor boyfriend achha . Asha kori bujha gachhis amaka . Valo thakis . 
"Is there anything new?" "Yes, my uncle is failing fast."
"How long since you came to New York?" "I guess it's about three years."
noble cause ..... 
http://www.journey90s.co.in/journey90s/Article/6/i/%E0%A6%85%E0%A6%AE%E0%A6%BF%E0%A6%A4%E0%A6%BE%E0%A6%AD%20%E0%A6%AA%E0%A7%8D%E0%A6%B0%E0%A6%B9%E0%A6%B0%E0%A6%BE%E0%A6%9C%20%E0%A6%86%E0%A6%AE%E0%A6%BF%20%E0%A6%A4%E0%A7%8B%20%E0%A6%AE%E0%A6%BE%E0%A6%A8%E0%A7%81%E0%A6%B7.html 
Puma man ...... 
He nodded pleasantly to Dodger, and said: "I suppose this is Arthur Grant?" "Yes, sir," answered Dodger, for he had decided to adopt the name.
Durer thke o onk dure/önek akash ure ure/klanto pakhir suru holo bacha/jokn pelm 2mar moner khacha 
Those days are gone !!!!!!!!!! 
Leighton, by her unfriendly representations, would prevent her from getting any opportunity to teach. She must seek some more humble employment.
"I think there's a good deal of you to look at, Mrs. O'Keefe. You must weigh near three hundred."
Ashtomi sesh hote chollo .... :) 
reached safely . . train 6ghanta late chhilo .. bhalo achhi .. 
ANEK DIN POR HOME TOWN E ........ BESH LAGCHE 
"It seems very strange. I cannot understand it. Yet my uncle says the money is gone. Did anyone else enter the room while you were talking with Miss Linden?" "I didn't see any one."
prithibite ekhon kota desh ache
Shaoni Banerjee ......... profile e lekha Intern at ABP ONE ..... https://www.facebook.com/shaoni.banerjee . 1 ........ tmk amr hebbi lage ................... pic dekhei tomate fida ........... can i date u ????? 
Muche jawa dinguli amai je pichu dake . 
Behala centric videos
hehehheheheheh ....... wht an intelligence .. :) 
june masher pore goromer chhuti keno ebar
Its true ..... 
1982 , In Singapore , similar to LOKPAL BILL was implemented and 142 Corrupt Ministers & Officers were arrested in one single day .. Today Singapore has only 1% poor people & no taxes are paid by the people to the government , 92% Literacy Rate , Better Medical Facilities , Cheaper Prices , 90% Money is white & Only 1% Unemployment exists .. Re Post this if you want to live in a corruption free country .. ! 
10 yrs age ... jokon bore feel kortam , Anjan Datta-r gaan suntam ... Aj jokon Anjan Datta-r gaan suni .... mone hoy eto baje gaan ami sojjo korechi ki vabe .............. abar 10yrs . age ... jokon Rabindra Sangeet suntam ... ekdom valo lagto na .... r aj jokon suni .... mone hoy World-er+bn_suffix best gaan egulo .................. Eta ki Ruchi palteche .... naki Boyos bereche ................!!!!!!!!!!......... Jani na ...... !!!!!!!!!!! 
"You are sure of that?" "Yes. Listen, uncle; Florence is only capricious, like most girls of her age. She foolishly desires to have her own way. It is nothing more serious, I can assure you."
truth of life ..... :) 
sometimes u need not to say even a single word .... if ur love and care is pure silence can even express it ........... Happy Rakhi 
vai ho to aisa ........... :) 
There is something about seasickness that swallows up and draws away all minor cares and anxieties, and Dodger was too much affected to consider how or why it was that he so unexpectedly found himself a passenger to California.
"If it's drink that's brought them where they are, I'm half inclined to give it up; but, after all, it isn't necessary to make a beast of yourself. I always drink like a gentleman, sir." "So you do, colonel."
JU Matrimonials e ekta meye ke niye beshi confession ha6e .. meye ta ha6e Gargi Chatterjee ( https://www.facebook.com/rimi.chatterjee.25 ) ... why ?? JU te ki r kono meye nei je Gargi ke niye confession habe .. na Gargi r moto r keu dkte valo ny ...... bhai tora Gargi ke niye confession r karis na or rastay chola bondo haye jabe .... oky to bachte dy valo kare .. :P :P #MALE , Engineering 
veja holo aaj ... :) 
"Yet, Curtis, I love that girl. Her mother seemed to live again in her. Have I not acted cruelly in requiring her to obey me or leave the house?" "You have acted only for good. You are seeking her happiness."
People say .. When you are in love , everything seems beautiful ... but I say When u r truly in love , U can't find anything more beautiful than your LOVE ... @r1ndam $ @rk @r 
superbb ....... 
tabole ' national anthem ' lagiye dileo abar chaap .... :) 
e bochor univ chere beriye jabo . Dhuklam single , berobo single . Keu ki acho ? Amar jonyo ? Jar sathe long drive jabo , hukah bar e nachbo ? Keu to eso ! I am really sad n nd a cutie bf . 4rm :) a broken heart female :) IR PG II admin : Hukah bar e nacha jaay na I guess . :P 
beshi sheet kora ki kono oshukher symptoms
MISS U ALL MY FRIEND ............. MISS U LOT ........ PLZ PURONO DIN GULO PHIRIE DE ......... 
lebu ar nun meshale onek shomoy neel hoe jae keno
add me 
shurjer tap komchhe keno
you hv md us cry , u hv md us smile , u r d bt of thousand hrts ,,,,,, lv u ....... n wish very happy b " day to u ........... 
A feeble step was heard at the door, and John Linden entered the breakfast-room. His face was sad, and he heaved a sigh as he glanced mechanically at the head of the table, where Florence usually sat.
"My young friend," he said, "your story is not even plausible. The articles are missing, and there was no one but yourself and Florence who were in a position to take them. Do you wish me to think that my Cousin Florence robbed the desk?" "No, sir; I don't. Florence wouldn't do such a thing," said Dodger, warmly.
HapPy NeW YEar to evey1 .. :) 
"Because Curtis Waring makes him believe she'll come around and ask forgiveness, if he only holds out. I tell you, Dodger, that Curtis is a viper." "So he is," answered Dodger, who was not quite clear in his mind as to what a viper was. "I'd like to step on his necktie."
eso , maanusher aadim bhashay katha boli .. 
hahahahahahahahaha .... .. boys will always be boys .....!!!! 
cryptography class ---- last class ever 
skin melanoma treatmenter best jayga
Well I m 22 n not a JU student . I wanna have sex and love and care and a handsome guy .. its been long ... n I have started acting despo ... and yeah right ! Frustrated too ... Anybody ?? P . s-if u guys are making fun of this post that'll too make count .. atleast I'll get entertained .. better than this boriyat life ... Duh ! #female 
as much as I can see ........ everything is white ..... 
another fav ....... 
"I always feel good-natured in your company, Miss Florence. I--wish I could always be with you."
i'm not from j . u .. me nd my gf both r 4m c . u ..... acha vai log quota-ism ta ki prem a o hoi ??? ? ek2 clear kore boli .... amader relation ta 4 yrs er ..... jokhn e prem kori tokhn e bole di ami SC ... ha manchi sc ra onk advantage nai education ba job er dik theke ... but sc holei to kharap manus noi ... plz sc porar por pora ta bondho korben na ..... tokhn amr gf er prblm chilo na ..... aj jokhn tar barir lok jante parlo amr bapar a , tader research scholar chele nea apotti nei , but sc bole apotti .... ami amr gf er inbox theke akta msg pori j ami sc bole o lojja pay sobar kache bolte ..... amr cast lukote bole amr kache ..... what should i do ? plz help me .... Mr. Cr . A . Sarkar er theke specially kichu expect korchi ..... thank u 
hahhahaha . ... lag gaya pura .. :P 
galat meaning mat nikalo ...... awesome sayings .... 
"You would look rather young for a tutor, Dodger, and I am afraid you would not be dignified. Good-morning! I shall be back to dinner." "I am glad to find you punctual, Miss Linden," said Mrs. Leighton, as Florence was ushered into her presence. "This is your pupil, my daughter, Carrie."
They say .. ' Everyone can use a little encouragement ' ... :) 
kothay ek poribarton swadesh sen kothay ek poribarton prochal theke kothay achhe onno aruna jaay theke aruna aase ei samanyo mudraay dinraat o sharot hemonto sob jaay janmo-pongkti theke ekta line paro saara srishtite ei prothom ekbar kaj paro emon kore , emon asadharonbhabe paro jaa mrityuchitkaar theke baro o somane chhoriye jaay . 
Daily goal2 
"Then I must bid you good-afternoon, for we are already at Fifteenth Street."
Golden words by Alexander : " Dont believe in taking Right Decision . Take Decisions & make them Right " ..... so it is wise to be a founder than follower ..... :) 
shobdera ghor chay/utorol isharay/nirupay chhnuye dekha samanyo/8B r rastay/bhirmoy goti chhere/green zone adim o bonyo/chokhe chokhe maapi mon/tumi-aami sarakkhon/noyto baa bichurno kuntol/tiptip brishtite/mugdhota drishtite/bhije jawa premikar anchol/ekanto campus/nirbhoy rosalaap/swopnera nirjone mogno/radhikar chaapa thhnot/byakulota nirbodh/madokota pichhutan anonyo ...... #female 
Spandan Bandyopadhyay ...... eta sudu tor jonno .... :P 
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive ...... 
One day CR , Admin & Lord GGR were taking a walk together in a park . A hot female passed by in her jogging attire . CR started singing , " O Hansini , meri hansini " . Lord GGR said , " Peeche ja behendi take , bhabhi lagti hai teri . " Then he started dancing " Oppa GGR Style . " Finally admin said , " Tomader hole bolo , ami footer ta debo . " The girl looked back and giggled this time . Admin - Seedhi baat , no bakwaas ! :D admin : above comment was not from me ! :D 
hahahahahahah ....!!!!! 
