And so she slept on till the French clock upon the mantle struck eleven.
he larfar larfar saiyar sange rumak jumak jaay ruprang re
Florence was not only an excellent scholar, but she had the art of imparting knowledge, and, what is very important, she was able in a few luminous words to explain difficulties and make clear what seemed to her pupil obscure.
nav raanio mate nav mahel ane vayye maatra ek raja
"I hope you won't be too strict. When May Robinson makes two mistakes her governess makes her learn her lessons over again."
Four days afterward, when Florence entered the Madison Avenue car to ride downtown, she had scarcely reached her seat when an eager voice addressed her: "Miss Linden, how fortunate I am in meeting you!" Florence looked up and saw Mr. de Brabazon sitting nearly opposite her.
Kaka ae didha sona kera daan,
shu aa jawab chhe
maa e chhathe pagathiye pag mukyo
Mandavda ma mangal get gavay re,
mana dhichan samana neer mori maat
"I will see you again to-morrow evening. Here is some money to help you along for the present. Good-night."
"You can pay next time, Miss Florence. It's all right. Now, I'll tell you where we are goin'. A friend of mine, Mrs. O'Keefe, has a lodgin' house, just off the Bowery. I saw her last night, and she says she's got a good room that she can give you for two dollars a week--I don't know how much you'd be willing to pay, but----" "I can pay that for a time at least. I have a little money, and I must find some work to do soon. Is this Mrs. O'Keefe a nice lady?" "She ain't a lady at all," answered Dodger, bluntly. "She keeps an apple-stand near the corner of Bowery and Grand Street; but she's a good, respectable woman, and she's good-hearted. She'll be kind to you, and try to make things pleasant; but if you ain't satisfied----" "It will do for the present. Kindness is what I need, driven as I am from the home of my childhood. But you, Dodger, where do you live?" "I'm goin' to take a small room in the same house, Miss Florence."
Koyal mangle chudala ni jod,
garbo mathe koriyo maae jabak divdo thaay mari madi
ema ruda re moraliya chitravjo
"It must be an awful bore, I think."
"How sad, when you are so young."
As no one came in, Dodger got out of the berth, and tried to stand on the cabin floor.
In a city like New York, where many of the streets are tolerably well filled even at midnight, people get in the way of sitting up much later than in the country, and Dodger was no exception to this rule.
"Who is that young lady, Aunt Mary?" he asked. "The one standing near the piano."
Biju dan roopa nu devayu ho,
"I have no objection. My husband deserted me, and left me to shift for myself and support my child."
"Yes; and through her I can learn where he is, and get hold of him if I desire."
"He's funny looking. He's awful good-natured, but he isn't the sort of young man I would like," concluded Carrie, with amusing positiveness.
"Is Miss Florence at home?" "Do you know her?" she asked.
Florence entered the car, and Dodger, following, took a seat at her side.
Curtis came near laughing outright, for he suspected--what was true-- that the nurse would never see her fiftieth birthday again.
"If you come to me there I'll let Florence know whatever you tell me.
"Surely Curtis cannot exercise any restraint upon him?" "He has frequent talks with the old gentleman. I don't know what he says, but it's sure to be something wicked. I expect he does all he can to set him against you. Oh, he's a cunning villain, he is, even if he is your cousin, Miss Florence."
"I have so few friends that I can't spare one," continued Florence.
he kedma kandoro, ne kotma che doro, sankariyo saad, kanthe koyalino shor
aavak melvavaa dharmishth thavaani aadambar rachvo
Mrs. O'Keefe was a warm-hearted woman, and the sad, drawn face of Mr.
"I'll take that by and by. Florence is outside, and we've got some news for you."
ene paherta pagma re payal chamchamti re
oli rang nitarti re mane pamri gamti re
maa e pehle pagathiye pag mukyo
Biju biju magaliyu vartay re,
"Who hired me to do it? Who put me up to the job, as far as that goes?" "Hush! Walls have ears. Let us return to business."
Tame have amara thaya, nathi rahya paraya,
jeevte jeev saayavya hoya tej saayu punya chhe
"I have a better plan. Here is my latchkey."
Curtis Waring, nearing the accomplishment of his plans, was far from anticipating impending disaster.
"I will believe it now, Mr. Bolton," said Florence, impulsively, holding out her hand to the burly saloon-keeper.
"And then?" "If he worries himself into the grave, so much the better for me."
nal bandh karvaathi paani bandh shaaya chhe
"Have you heard anything?" asked Bolton. "Did you see Dodger?" "No; we didn't see him."
Kaka mora, devu hoy te dejo,
maru chakdol kale, chakadu chi chi chakadu chi chi
"Look here, fellow," said Curtis, thoroughly provoked, "I don't know who you are nor what you mean, but let me inform you that your presence here is an intrusion, and the sooner you leave the house the better!" "I will leave it when I get ready."
Eight o'clock came, the hour at which the boy was accustomed to repair to Florence's room to study, and still he didn't make his appearance.
shu tame jaman kariyu
chakdol chade unche niche jivtar evu chadtu padtu
Triju re mangaliyu vartay ho..
asamarthane samarth banaave te ja kharu daan
charan pakhad tujne namu re bahuchar puri aas
Vagade Gaje Murlina Shor, Pani Gyata
"I will. Does the old gentleman seem to be very sick?" "He's wake as a rat. Curtis would kill him soon if we didn't interfere. But we'll soon circumvent him, the snake in the grass! Miss Florence will soon come to her own, and Curtis Waring will be out in the cold."
"Have you heard anything of him?" "I heard that he was baggage-smashin' down by the steamboat landings," said Hooker.
Tim was puzzled by the description.
At eleven o'clock a hack stopped in front of the house, and Curtis Waring descended from it.
It was likely to prove of the utmost importance to Florence.
"And the boy?" he asked, slowly.
"He says he is," continued Hooker, looking puzzled.
"It is best, unless you are ready to accede to his wishes--and mine."
"Did he tell you where he was going, Mrs. Waring?" "No; he said he would be obliged to visit several places--among others, Colorado, where he claimed to have some mining property. He told me that he hoped to bring back considerable money."
"Don't be afwaid! I will be vewy discreet," said Mr. de Brabazon.
"Never mind; you ought to have asked my permission."
kalka mavdi re rane chadya maa sol saji shangar
Aaj mere piya ghar aavenge.
Vage Se Dhol Vage Se
Tim Bolton has turned over a new leaf, given up his saloon, and is carrying on a country hotel within fifty miles of New York.
samsama be orda re bahuchara sonu khade so naar
"To be sure! Well, Andy Johnson was taught to read and write by his wife. He kept on improving himself till, in course of time, he became a United States Senator, Vice-President, and afterward, President.
sava man nu re sukhaldu ma adhman ni kuler
Florence and Dodger--now known as Harvey Linden--live with him.
Forthwith he began to pound and kick so forcibly, that Julius came upstairs on a run, half inclined to believe that Dodger had really become insane.
Mandir Sarjayu Ne Ghantarav Gajyo
"Pray don't. It really is a matter of small consequence--quite natural, in fact."
khe dikra ghadpanma ma baapne chup raheta sheekhvaade chhe
satyathi dharmnu abhyaasthi vidhdhyaanu sadvavartanathi kulnu ane apaardarshak vastro pahervathi streeonu rakshan thaaya chhe
"What was he doin'?" "Carryin' a valise for a man."
pagarkha nahi bas abharkha utari aapoaap bhagwaan darshan deshe
We will now enter the house, in which the last scenes of our story are to take place.
"True. The suggestion is a good one, Emily."
Bije re mangal sena re dan devay?
"Selling papers down by the Astor House."
khetar samaa jeevanma sanskaaroni vaava joiae
"I am aware of it. I consider my life worth that, at least. James Swinton never fails to pay his debts."
pan pote ja aemani yaad thi radaavi rahya chhe
hadve halu toh ker chahi jaay, halu utavde toh pag lachkay
ek vaar bolu ke be vaar bolu ke tran vaar bolu ho maa
kantkoni jo khame peeda jo satat
tame ketala lidha hata
Aave Se Hhu Lave Se
He drew from the roll two bills and handed them to Dodger.
"I understand it fully, uncle," said Curtis. "When I think of it, it makes me very angry with the misguided girl."
mana ghutan samana neer mori maat
Phoolda kerai keri foram badhe presaray,
garbe ramva aavjo madi darshan deva aavo
mane aa joine hasvu hajaro vaar aave chhe
"Is she well?" "Yes; she is well, but she is in trouble."
"I'm not well, Florence. I sometimes doubt if I shall ever be any better." "Surely, uncle, you cannot mean----" "Yes, my child, I have reason to believe that I am nearing the end."
aem jo hradayama padela avgun khatakshe to atakshe
Hoshila veera tame koyal ne udado aapan desh.
mani ked samana neer mori maat
At a street corner his attention was drawn to a woman poorly dressed, who held by the hand a child of three.
"Was she so absurd?" ejaculated Percy.
Chhodi halya sneha bhino saath,
Doshide Mandya Haat, Pava Vali Re
He had just closed up his valise, when a young man of dark complexion and of an attractive, intellectual expression, entered the cabin.
"Was he afraid she would deprive him of the estate?" "That was partly the reason. But it was partly to revenge himself on her because she would not agree to marry him."
murli ni taan nahi lavu re
prem thi jivi shakiae jo be pal to bas chhe
"Now, don't let Tim know you've seen me," said the newsboy, warningly.
rahi rahi ne mane sataavi rahya chhe
"We married, securing apartments on Kearney Street. We lived together till my child was born, and for three months afterward. Then Mr.
"Ah," said the servant, with a perceptible decline in respect. "Won't you step in?" "Thank you."
puryo te praan madi bahuchara
But it was quite impossible that she should allow him to accompany her to her poor home on the East Side.
"I hardly think it will be wise."
Mrs. Leighton sat in her boudoir with a stern face and tightly compressed lips. Miss Carter had called the previous afternoon and informed her of the astounding discoveries she had made respecting the governess.
ma no arth duniyani badhi bhashama ma ja thaaya chhe
"Don't you ever expect to see your husband again?" asked Dodger.
"Have you seen him?" "I know him as well as I know you, sir, and better, too."
sav thi mithu fal kayu chhe
"Take care!" he said, with a frown. "You seem to be lacking in respect to me. You don't appear to understand my position in this house."
"Uncle, let me speak to the boy," said Curtis, soothingly. "I think he will tell me."
The more she appeared to dislike him, the more he determined to marry her, even against her will.
"He didn't like the business you were in. He preferred to make a living in some other way."
Ne Muj Dalda Udasin Hoye Re
te loko sha mate tya besi gaya
"It is long since I have heard you refer to my cousin's loss. I thought you had become reconciled--no, I do not mean that,--I thought your regret might be less poignant."
"That is commendable; but don't you know that it is very ill-bred to smoke a pipe in a gentleman's house?" "Excuse me, governor!" And Bolton extinguished his pipe, and put it away in a pocket of his corduroy coat.
"I suspect Curtis means to help him! Well, what has that to do with me?" he asked. "You will step into the property, of course?" "There is a little difficulty in the way which I can overcome with your help."
Bije managl roopa na dan devay re,
"Then you were mistaken. I have had the boy with me since he was a kid, and though I've been rough with him at times, maybe, I like him, and I may some time have a chance to show him that old Tim Bolton is one of his best friends."
"There, Florence, what do you say to that? That's better than sewin'."
Thrije re mangal sena re dan devay?
deshna airport par bomb nu jokham
"I won't!" said Dodger, stoutly. "If a little gal like her can learn, I'd ought to be ashamed if I don't--a big boy of eighteen."
He waited impatiently for the time to pass.
"If I could only know how Florence is getting along," Dodger said, anxiously. "I suppose she thinks I am dead."
hoth adadha bidai gaya pachhi gangajal mukine shu karshi
Nine o'clock came, and Florence became alarmed. She had not been aware how much she had depended upon the company of her faithful friend, humble as his station was.
"I don't mind that if you think I am really gettin' on."
"But, sir," protested Curtis, "is not that likely to create unnecessary trouble? It can never be known, and meanwhile----" "You and Florence will hold the property in trust."
Chela ni vate mare halvu re, mara raj,
Vevai tame suta cho ke jago,
"It is not necessarily absurd. She said our social positions were so different that it was unbecoming for me to receive attention from you."
tu aavi tevi harkato nai kare ne
"Yes. My name is Randolph Leslie. I have been, for the last five years, a reporter on leading New York daily papers, and worked so closely that my health has become somewhat affected. My doctor recommended a sea voyage, and I have arranged for a pretty long one."
beni tari mathe baapno hath have nahi farse
dukh bhuline sukhthi jhulo nasib ni ghatmade
jara ek najar gayo par nakho
At this moment the steward entered the cabin. "Hello, young man! Have you got up?" he asked.
"Leave the matter with me. You have done quite right in mentioning it."
be janaa dilthi male to ek
garbo rudo dolariyo e toh ghamar ghamar ghume mari madi
"What's that?" "Never mind, miss, such as you wouldn't understand. Why, all my life I've lived with thieves, and drunkards, and bunco men, and----" "But I'm sure you don't like it. You are fit for something better." "Do you really think so?" asked Dodger, doubtfullly.
"If you are poor, Miss Florence," said Jane, hesitatingly, "would you mind borrowing some money of me? I've got ten dollars upstairs in my trunk, and I don't need it at all. It's proud I'll be to lend it to you."
"Yes, she did. She said she'd rather marry the dude that was here early this evenin'."
Mamaji na tedya ame mayra ma betha,
"Where did you see him, Hooker?" asked Tim Bolton, with sudden interest.
"It would do you no end of good to be out in the open air. It would bring back the roses to your pale cheeks. If you coop yourself up in this dark room, you'll fade away and get thin."
Dodger looked on in stupefaction. He was getting more and more bewildered.
"I am to teach the daughter of Mr. Robert Leighton."
"But he never was like this. And I do think he's gettin' more and more feeble."
Ankh Ladi Jaye Ishara Ma
Raas Ramanta Mari Nathani Khovani
Masa mora, devu hoy te dejo,
umarno kanto pap pat aaspaas
tamaro hath ma ketala safargan chhe
bahuchar mavdi re rane chadya maa sol saji shangar
"You seem to take a great deal of interest in Florence, if I may make as free with her name as you do."
Gam Gam Na Suthari Aave Se
shu tame mane prem karo chho
Only a few months more and the danger would be over, for he felt convinced that his uncle's tenure of life would be brief. The one essential thing, then, seemed to be to get Dodger out of the city.
"Dodger's late this evening, Mrs. O'Keefe," said Florence, going up to the room of her landlady.
Aavi rudi ambliya ni dal,
"Do you think so?" asked Linden, eagerly.
Chauthe mangal kanya na dan devay re,
"I don't care to marry any one, Jane. I don't think I shall ever marry."
"Don't go into one of your tantrums," said the man, rather alarmed; "it won't do any good."
The visitor was Dodger, neatly dressed.
"You're a better sort than I thought at first," said Dodger. "The man I live with is called Tim Bolton."
Gam Gam Na Doshida Aave Se
"Direct to the post office. I think he'll have sense enough to ask for letters."
randal mavdi re rane chadya maa sol saji shangar
Mari Ambe Ma Ne Kaaj, Pava Vali Re
The motion, on the other hand, seemed to increase, as was natural, for they were getting farther and farther from land and were exposed to the more violent winds that swept the open ocean.
"As you are to go to work to-morrow, we may as well take up a room at once. It will be cheaper." In a short time they had engaged a neat suite of rooms, two in number, not far from the Palace Hotel, at twenty dollars per month.
When he did not return at the usual hour, neither Florence nor Mrs.
tene sha mate paosa apiya
"Yes, sir; I am always willing to stay when you need me."
"Give it to Florence, then. It's hers by rights. Won't we give Curtis a surprise? Where's his wife?" "I have found a comfortable boarding house for her. When had we better carry out this programme? She's very anxious to see her husband."
"My God! what have I done?" "You've let Curtis Waring wind you around his little finger--that's what you've done, Mr. Linden."
Koyal bethi ambaliya ni dad,
"You are sure he did not give you the will?" he demanded, eying Bolton sharply.
"You see, therefore, that I am provided for--that is, if I suit."
maanvi potana manma potana vishe jevu viyare chhe aevo ja bani bhaya chhe
"Very well; I will call upon her and make inquiries. If you will call to-morrow morning, I can give you a decisive answer." Florence fervently hoped that this might prove favorable; but was apprehensive, and with good reason, it appeared.
"And kept open very late?" "Pretty much all night."
Pele re mangal bhoomi na dan devay.
hire hadhela chudlani jod monghi madhavjo re
Bandhan ma bandhai ae samjo jamai raj,
"It is a merciful dispensation of Providence, for which I ought to be truly thankful. But the idea of receiving in my house an inmate of a tenement house! I am truly shocked. Is this apple-woman your mother?" "I assure you that she is not," answered Florence, with a smile which she could not repress.
Aavda re lad amane dada ae ladaviya.
dhole ghode re kon chade maa bahuchar no asvar
Florence had but one source of regret.
Mari Tulaja Ma Ne Kaaj, Pava Vali Re
Maniyaro Re Kalayel Moralo Re
satthano aenathi moto dakhlo shu hoi shake chhe ke
ghamar ghamar maro garbo re mathe ne latak matak chale dhalkat dhol
"Undoubtedly you are!" "I make a great many mistakes," said Dodger, dubiously.
"Couldn't do it. I should lose all my trade. People would say I was closed up."
"Of course she knows nothing of it. She may return, but I doubt whether she is in Chicago now. I think the family she was with has gone to Europe."
Ganga Jamani Bedlu Ne Kinkhabi Indhoni
"She shall find that I am resolute," he said, irritably. "I will not recall her." "Bravo, uncle! Only stick to that, and she will yield unconditionally within a fortnight. A little patience, and you will carry your point.
ishvarne paamva bhakti ne bhaav joiae
It is not always that the money we need is so quickly supplied.
"What papers have you worked for?" "Oh, all the leading ones--_Tribune, World, Herald,_ and _Sun_-- sometimes one, and sometimes another. Your reason for taking this trip can hardly be the same as mine. You don't look as if your health required you to travel."
"What's that you say?" "I am discharged."
Tim Bolton was standing behind the bar, and as he heard steps he looked carelessly toward the entrance, but when he saw Florence, his indifference vanished. He came from behind the bar, and advanced to meet her.
Florence did not speak, but she fixed an eager look of inquiry on the face of the saloon-keeper.
Biju re biju mangaliyu vartay,
Raas Ramanta Mari Nathani Khovani..
congresna adhyaksh soniya gandhi achanak bimaar aims daakhal
aankhma padeli mati
"That's it, governor," said Bolton, thinking it necessary to confirm the statement. "I've got five small children at home almost starvin', your honor." "That is sad. What is your business, my man?" It was Bolton's turn to be embarrassed.
Uttregi aaj mere piya ki sawar,
adhuri raie gai vedna ni vaat
"And where is she, sir?" "I don't know. I drove her from me by my unkindness. I repent bitterly, but it's now too late."
Ma, Doshido Tau Lave Chundi Mahakali Re
"I say, old man," he bristled up, "don't you go to insult her! She's an angel!" "No doubt you think so," rejoined Mr. Linden, in a tone of sarcasm.
Rakho uncha kud ni laj raj, je mango te desu,
"Yes; but names don't count for much. It's the heart I think of, and this boy has a kind heart."
When they had gone Tim turned to Hooker and Briggs, who were lounging at a table, waiting for some generous customer to invite them to the bar.
Chauthe re mangal kanya na dan devay.
mujne padi daradani tane saarvaarani
Ma, Gandhido Tau Lave Kankuda Mahakali Re
"That is just what I want to know. I suppose you can make it for my interest."
"Look here," said Dodger, bethinking himself of what had just happened. "Did you tell that young man who called here just now that I was crazy?" Julius burst into a loud guffaw.
They had reached a four-story tenement of shabby brick, which was evidently well filled up by a miscellaneous crowd of tenants; shop girls, mechanics, laborers and widows, living by their daily toil.
"He ought to know," put in Briggs.
Mor tari sonani chanch, mor tari rupa ni chanch,
"Wasn't the man mad just?" "'I'll smash you, boy,' he growled.
"Didn't he send out Dodger to commit a burglary?" "And if he hadn't you'd never made Dodger's acquaintance."
Hire gaan vainkuth ma gavashe re,
tame kevi rite aavya
"Perhaps so, from your standpoint, Mr. Bolton," said Florence, with dignity.
Chauthe mangal sena te dan devay re?
Biju re mangaliyu vartayu ho..
"I should be glad to help my uncle," she said, "but I cannot agree to marry you."
adhiro chhe tane ishvar badhuye aapva mate
tamara prashno kaya hata
Dodger sought the steward, and asked for his valise.
It was a critical moment for poor Dodger, but he was quite unconscious of it.
tu yamayi laine ubho chhe dariyo maagva mate
Chhodya bandav ne chhodi bendi re,
sanni deol zampalavashe rajkaranma nahi lade bhajpani tikit par chutni
"Probably she would succeed better with girls, but I hold that a male teacher is better for boys. How long are you willing to study every day?" "As long as you think best."
Dodger, as he walked away, pondered over the remarkable discovery he had made.
sampatini nahi punmana chandra karta bijno kshin chandr ja vandniya ganaaya chhe
"Thank you, Mr. Bolton. And now let us all work together to find Dodger." "You can count on me, Miss Linden. If you'll tell me where you live I'll send or bring you any news I may hear." "I live with Mrs. O'Keefe, my good friend, here."
"No, for now I have a good place and am earning a good salary."
lagn sukhi thava mate nahi pan aekbijaane vadhu sukhi karva mate chhe
jo tara aakashani kavita chhe to mata prathvini kavita chhe
mari ambemaa na jhulana jhulti' ti
"I didn't give you credit for so much sentiment, Bolton," said Curtis, with a sneer. "You don't look like it, but appearances are deceitful.
"I am at present suffering reversed circumstances. It is but a short time since I was very differently situated."
tame kai baju nikalya hata
"I guess I've fixed dat boy!" chuckled Julius. "Ho, ho! he can't get ahead of old Julius! Crazy as a loon, ho, ho!" Dodger waited anxiously for the young man to get through his interview. He hoped that he would force his way up to the third floor, draw the bolt, and release him from his imprisonment.
"Good! I don't care for your college men. I am a practical man myself."
Vasmi vidai avi bolyu na bolay,
"Yes, I would if you would only leave your evil companions, and become true to your better nature."
"Well enough to teach?" "I think so; but I may not have the gift of teaching."
"You are kind to say so, Mr. de Brabazon."
"Maybe so, sir; but she knows I'm her friend."
"I do not expect one," said Florence, quietly. "You consider yourself competent to instruct in music, French and the English branches?" "Oh, yes."
"I have not seen him since the night of the robbery."
dikri toh parki thapan kehvay
"Shure, Miss Florence, you will be needin' a friend yourself."
Tame ekvar radhaben piyare padharjo re,
"I will come," said Florence, meekly. She felt that it would not do to refuse after this.
te peli theli sha mate laviyo
Piyu sangathe rehjo prem thi re,
"And why don't you send for her to come home?" "I would gladly do so, but I don't know where she is. Curtis has tried to find her, but in vain. He says she is in Chicago."
tamaro man pasand rang kayo chhe
"You can do that, and welcome, sir." The nurse pushed aside the portiere, and the two entered the library-- Mrs. Barnes rotund and smiling, Mr. Linden gaunt and spectral looking, like one risen from the grave.
"It is too much for your strength, my child. I am growing more and more helpless."
Curtis Waring beckoned Dodger into an adjoining room.
Haiyu Hanai Ne Gayu Tanai
Five minutes later and the door of the room slowly opened, and a boy entered on tiptoe. He was roughly dressed. His figure was manly and vigorous, and despite his stealthy step and suspicious movements his face was prepossessing.
Vevai tame suta cho ke jajo,
ek vaar aavine mare mandiriye utara karta jaav
And he looked sharply at Dodger.
Hoshila veera tame koyal ne udado aapan desh.Koyal bethi ambaliya ni dad,
"I belave in marryin', meself. I was first married at sivinteen."
mare hatu patan thi patola mongha lavjo
Radhajini Nathani No Shamaliyo Chhe Chor..
He liked to fancy her at the head of his table, after the death of his uncle, which he anticipated in a few months at latest.
"No," answered Dodger, smiling; "but I understand that the gentleman who engaged my passage said I was going to sea for my health."
sur to nathi parantu surano ughaad chhu
Maro moraliyo mangle re ladia re ladli, mara raj,
"Why, Miss Leighton is my cousin," said Percy, in joyous excitement.
padi padi ne chade aenu ja naam jindagi
"But is he as well as usual?" "He is about the same as ever. One thing would do more for him than anything else."
"What's dat, massa?" asked Julius, looking puzzled.
"Indeed! You only thwart me in my cherished wish, but are willing to obey me in unimportant matters. You forget the debt you owe me."
Trije managl gayo na dan devay,
"Is he a handsome young man?" she asked, demurely.
are be paisama bablo jone aasmaan ma bhale
Dikri ne vadaviya sasre re, mara raj,
"You can both go," said Tim, generously. "Wait a minute, and I'll have it ready for you."
Dikri ne gaay jya dore tya doray.
"A year!" exclaimed Florence, in genuine dismay--"a year, in addition to the time it takes to go out there! Where will we all be at the end of that time?" "Not in jail, I hope," answered Bolton, jocularly. "I am afraid your uncle will no longer be in the land of the living."
"Then I shan't have it again, for I have got through with my teaching."
shu tame pariksha lakhi saksho
"Oh, she stopped you?" repeated Linden, with withering sarcasm. "Then, perhaps, you will tell me where the money is gone?" "He hasn't discovered about the will," thought Curtis, congratulating himself; "if the boy has it, I must manage to give him a chance to escape."
mana gala samana neer mori maat
"I begin to feel like a gentleman," said Dodger to himself, complacently.
Koi Na Jane Kyare Vage
Pelu pelu mangaliyu vartay re,
Jane, who had been taken into confidence by the nurse, showed him at once into the room mentioned.
"To be sure, my dear, if you wish it, and I'll be glad of your company. I'll make the terms satisfactory."
"And a mighty disagreeable one, I'll be bound," soliloquized Mrs.
maanas upgrah chhode chhe pan purvagrah tyaji shakti nathi
Jag Mathe Jane Prabhuta Ae Pag Mukyo
"I wish to speak to you about last evening, Miss Linden."
Dhol dhamkya re, raas rankaiya re,’
"When do you want this document?" "Bring it back to me this afternoon, copied and signed. That is all you have to do; I will attend to the rest."
jamuna na teere tame ubha toh em jane
aapne tya maanso manthi haari jaaya chhe
dikri ne gaay, dore tya jaay
Mari Bahuchar Ma Ne Kaaj, Pava Vali Re
It was in the year 1877, and the city was by no means what it is now.
o laal fetawala o somabhaina sala
Aavda re lad amane kaka ae ladaviya.
maani chaati samana neer mori maat
chosath beni mali samti re bahuchara mansarovar javay
Mayra ma triju magalal vartay re,
khajurahona kamasanone pan takkar aape teva chhe aa mandiro
nahi bachi shake aasaaram malya majboot purava ane tathyo
Trije dan gayo nu devayu ho,
Mari Kalika Ma Ne Kaaj, Pava Vali Re
Pele mangal sona na dan devay re,
"Will you, weally?" "Yes, there is my hand on it. I ought to tell you that I must now earn my own living, and am to give lessons to a young pupil in West ---- Street, three hours daily."
"What for?" "You're to go to Chicago and bring back Florence."
"Would you mind telling me where you are going to teach, Miss Florence?" Florence hesitated, but there was something so sincere and friendly in the young man's manner--dude though he was--that she consented to grant his request.
Just then Mrs. Leighton came up.
"Have you known him long?" "I saw him yesterday for the first time."
maa e aathme pagathiye pag mukyo
Aavda re lad amane mama ae ladaviya.
John Linden looked from one to the other. "Yes," he said, "I must not forget that I have a nephew and a niece. You are both dear to me, but no one can take the place of the boy I have lost."
"I can hardly say that I know him well, yet I know him a good deal better than I wish I did. But for him I would not now be in San Francisco."
The girl waked up just as I'd got the secretary open, and I didn't have a chance."
"I have no doubt of that," said Florence, feeling very much relieved.
"Dodger would never do anything to deserve arrest," Florence said, quickly.
"You must go, Mrs. O'Keefe," he said to the apple-woman. "It is important that we have some one in the house--some friend of Florence and the boy--to watch what is going on."
"Where's the boy?" Col. Martin had always taken considerable notice of Dodger, being naturally fond of boys, and having once had a son of his own, who was killed in a railroad accident when about Dodger's age.
sukhnu chhe ke dukhnu eto koi shakyu na jani
Gandhinagar mahudi maargne fourlane karaashe
patan thi patola mongha lavjo
The discomfited villain broke into a volley of oaths, and proceeded to pick himself up.
Mr. Linden, weak and emaciated, was sitting in an easy-chair in his library.
ek nikhaalas svabhaav joiae
Adhya shakti tujne namu re bahuchara gunpat laagu paay
aakraman karvavala shatruthi na daro pan je tamaari khushamat kare chhe teva mitrathi daro
"Go and see what he wants."
ji haa kem nai
Starting with guilty consciousness, Curtis turned sharply around, and his glance fell on the intruder.
Gam Gam Na Sonida Aave Se
"I never would have believed it," said the young man.

Dodger, under a competent private tutor, is making up the deficiencies in his education.
Curtis eyed the pair with a startled look.
viti gayela samayano viyaar karvo nahi
addhar paddhar havama saddhar eno hinchko hale
jati betho jape ne je aave te khape
"Certainly he is. He is my nephew."
"Yes, but there was another, in which the estate goes to the son, if living. That will has disappeared."
At all events, they are very much at a disadvantage, and therefore it seemed imperatively necessary, not only that Dodger, but that Curtis Waring's wife should go to New York to confront the unprincipled man whose schemes had brought sorrow to so many.
Kanku Kharyu Ne Suraj Ugyo.
There was an eagerness in his manner, and a light in his eye, that seemed to indicate good news.
And the lady sailed off to another part of the room.
"Don't you go to having him arrested," said Dodger, suspiciously.
aakhri vaar toh koi matuki ma bodine
"He is my son. I see his mother's look in his face. As for you, Curtis Waring, my eyes are open at last to your villainy. You deserve nothing at my hands; but I will make some provision for you."
"Maybe it would. Just go back with us, that's a good boy."
Maro Maniyaro Te Halu Halu Thai Riyo
Man Mali Gayu Eni Mele Mela Ma
Florence had sent for her trunk, and it was now in her room.
Prem ma prabhu no hoy vas re,
"I've a good mind to box your ears, Dodger. I only weigh a hundred and ninety-five. But I can't be bothered wid your jokes. Can you sew, Miss Florence?" "Yes; but I would rather earn my living some other way, if possible."
Gujarat sarkaarma sambhavit jgyao
"If it would be any satisfaction to you, Miss Florence," he continued, "I'll give Curtis Waring a lickin'. He deserves it for persecutin' you and gettin' you turned out of your uncle's house."
John Linden might at any time learn that the son, for whose appearance he had grieved so bitterly, was still living in the person of this street boy. Then there would be an end of his hopes of inheriting the estate.
Eri sakhi mangal goa ri, dharti ambar sajao ri,
nav ranio mate nav mahel ane vayye matra ek raaj
"Let me take him!" said Dodger. "Here, little one, jump up!" He raised the child easily, and despite the mother's protest, carried him in his arms.
Unki shat se, dilhun main to pyari,
"It isn't the size of the boy that counts, Dodger." "I know that, but I ain't goin' to give in, and let a little gal get ahead of me!" "Keep to that determination, Dodger, and you will succeed in time, never fear." On the whole, Florence enjoyed both her pupils. She had the faculty of teaching, and she became very much interested in both.
shu tame mane kaik peeva aapsho
Hu tamne puchu mara veera ne antariya,
"Is this so, miss?" demanded Mr. Linden, sternly.
Florence was too clear-sighted not to penetrate his falsehood.
vahela haari jaaya chhe ane manthi vahela nivratt thai jaaya chhe
At an expense of twenty-five cents each, the three obtained a satisfactory meal.
badhe ja gunni puja thaaya chhe
ekvaar neerkhine gaam pachi kahi do ke
pan aapnu aayaran aevu chhe
"Will you be seated?" "No; our interview will be brief."
"That will be quite satisfactory," said Mrs. Leighton, graciously.
raktbijne tame mariya re bahuchara rakt chalavya poor
Linden have been behind the curtain for twenty minutes, and he has heard every word you said."
Curtis Waring followed the retreating form of his cousin with a sardonic smile.
ruz aavi jaaya aa duniya sarikha ghaavma
"Then perhaps you could give me some private lessons in the afternoon?" "That would not be possible."
"You will find here the sum that I owe you, with payment for an extra week in lieu of notice."
"Have you always lived in New York?" "No; I was out in Australia. Tim was out in the country part of the time, and part of the time he kept a saloon in Melbourne. There was thieves and burglars used to come into his place. I knew what they were, though they didn't think I did."
"I mean," replied Curtis, lamely, "that I have heard of this man Bolton. He keeps a saloon on the Bowery, doesn't he?" "Yes."
"You have been here three years?" "Yes," chuckled Bolton. "You didn't suspect it, did you?" "Where?" asked Curtis, in a hollow voice.
"Then why do you let him get of your reach?" "How could I help it? Here I am tied down to this bar day and night! I'm nearly dead for want of sleep."
And now we must ask the reader to imagine four months and one week passed.
"I am glad of that, for I don't like to sit down to the table alone.
aavu tamare dwaar madi bahuchara
"Then you will explain your previous statement?" said Mrs. Leighton, haughtily.
"I see it all," Bolton said to himself, thoughtfully. "Curtis Waring is afraid of the boy--and of me. He's circumvented me neatly, and the game is his--so far my little plan is dished. I must find out for certain whether he's had anything to do with gettin' Dodger out of the way, and then, Tim Bolton, you must set your wits to work to spoil his little game."
mani pani samana neer mori maat
jamuna na vhenma thi pani laie muko ke
He had hardly done so when the door closed behind him, and he heard the slipping of a bolt.
The boy understood the business of mixing drinks as well as he, and often officiated for hours at a time, thus giving his guardian and reputed father a chance to leave the place and meet outside engagements.
"Money is a great deal more practical than affection."
On a book shelf were a few books, and some old numbers of magazines.
"What is it?" "I can't get him to give up the foolish notion that the boy he lost is still alive."
"The difference in years isn't great enough to constitute an obstacle, provided she loved him. I am thirty years old."
Banne pakshe anand ati ubhrai re,
Bhigi Bhigi Jaye Mara Sadulani Kor
"Will he do it?" "I don't know. As long as he thinks the boy is living, I don't believe he will. You see what a drawback that is."
khadi mathe khoda karya re bahuchara stri mathe purush
"I'm sure you'll suit. How nice you look!" Florence smiled, and looked pleased. She had taken pains with her dress and personal appearance, and, being luckily well provided with handsome dresses, had no difficulty in making herself presentable. As she stepped out of the shabby doorway upon the sidewalk no one supposed her to be a tenant, but she was generally thought to be a visitor, perhaps the agent of some charitable association.
pagma vaagelo kaanto aapanne khatke chhe
Pelu dan sona nu devayu ho,
"Tell Mr. Waring there is no answer, Jane, if he inquires," she said.
"Good!" he said. "You will, a part of the time, be taking orders. Your handwriting is plain and will do. Never mind about Latin and Greek.
"I think I may. I may live ten years to annoy you."
stree sneha saralta aekaj vastuna vividh naamo chhe
"Let me see," he said, trying to collect his scattered recollection.
"It is I whose heart should be broken!" she murmured; "I who am driven from the only home I have ever known. What can have turned against me my uncle, usually so kind and considerate? It must be that Curtis has exerted a baneful influence upon him. I cannot leave him without one word of farewell."
He had to wait for fifteen minutes. Then he saw approaching a young man, not far from twenty-one, who looked like a young mechanic, returning from his daily work.
Agnidev dev ni shaskhi ae fera faray re,
he madhubhar rasbhar nain nachave najuk namni nagarvel
"Well?" "And you acted as if you were an invited guest."
"What surprises me, Mr. Curtis, is that a nice-lookin' gentleman like you hasn't been married before."
"I couldn't think of it, though I thank you for your kindness."
Oonchi Talavadi Ni Kor Pani Gyata
"If he has read the will, it may lead to dangerous suspicions."
"Of course you know that the boy has left me?" said Bolton.
"You must not pay for me, Dodger," she said.
"He is disappointed because I won't marry my Cousin Curtis."
"Look here, Jane," said Curtis, angrily, "don't forget that you are not her servant, but my uncle's. It is to him you look for wages, not to Miss Florence."
"You will favor me again later in the evening?" he pleaded.
Gagan No Garbo Ma Na Charanoma Zukyo
chaal aavaavaru jagya ae jaiye
Aavda te laad tamne kone ladaviya?
Madi Taru Kanku Kharyu Ne Suraj Ugyo
ek vanjari jhulana jhulti' ti
"The trollop! I'd like to give her a box on the ear, drat her impudence!" said the irate apple-woman. "And what will you be doin' now?" "Do you think I can get some sewing to do, Mrs. O'Keefe?" "Yes, Miss Florence--I'll get you some vests to make; but it's hard work and poor pay."
"It is sad, very sad that she should be so headstrong," said Curtis, with hypocritical sorrow.
But she was soon to have trials of her own, which for the time being would make her forgetful of Dodger.
Aave Chhe Hhu Lave Se
The young reporter started in surprise.
gai tithi brahman pan vaachto nathi
satthnaa samudrama taki shake tevi naav joiae
Laxmi ji waro, nazar utaro,
o karsankaka kala o bhuri bandiwala
Bole Ashadhino Mor Pani Gyata
"I'll manage everything, sir. Don't worry now."
"You wished to see me, Mrs. Leighton?" she said.
Maniyaro Te Halu Halu Thai Riyo
"Was he your son?" "He was my--stepson," answered Tim, hesitating.
Mata ni mamta nu odhiyu re panetar,
nathanilavingiya ne jhumkhama mongha moti madhavjo re
aasaaram saame lookout notisni taiyaari nahi chhodi shake desh
bhasha na olkhe ae shabdno prakaar chhu
te loko meeting mate sha mate moda padiya
sav thi saru hindi chapu kayu chhe
mana kapad samana neer mori maat
"What makes you think your cousin would like me, Carrie?" "Because he always likes pretty girls. He is a masher." "That's slang, Carrie. I am sure your mamma wouldn't approve your using such a word."
"Have you changed your mind, uncle?" "Yes; I have made a mistake, and I have decided to correct it."
"You're a gentleman, Tim," he said, as he gulped down the contents of a glass without winking.
Mari Ma Ni Nathaniyu Lave Se
aaj be dilo ne jo jodi shakiae to bas chhe
aaje paachha ae yaad aavi rahya chhe
"Is his stateroom ready?" "Yes, sir. You are rather late."
Hoshiya var raje simde deri mala raj,
Chhodi halya bhojayo no sath,
"Ain't he your father?" "No, he ain't."
"They want a young lady to play the pianner at a dime museum, for nine dollars a week. It's a bully chance. I just told the manager--he's a friend of mine--that I had a young lady friend that was a stunnin' player, and he wants you to come around and see him."
"I am glad the boy did not undress," he said. "It will save me a great deal of trouble. Now, Julius, you can take his feet and I will lift his head, and we will take him downstairs."
Dal bhari dada ae didha kariyavar,
"Pooh! child! you are more foolish than I thought. I don't say Curtis is an angel. No man is; at least, I never met any such. But he is no worse than the generality of men. In marrying him you will carry out my cherished wish. Florence, I have not long to live. I shall be glad to see you well established in life before I leave you. As the wife of Curtis you will have a recognized position. You will go on living in this house, and the old home will be maintained."
Thriju re thrij mangaliyu vartay,
din janine daya karo bahuchara mukhe mangu te thay
﻿matlab thi ja mohabbat rakhi chhe
Vanra te van ma mindhod jaja,
Bije re managl kanku na dan devay.
Dhol dhamakiya ne vage sharnai,
"You know he's never in vigorous health," said Curtis, evasively.
"What has she done?" repeated John Linden. "She has introduced that young ruffian into the house to rob me. Look at that secretary! He has forced it open, and stolen a large sum of money."
"Miss Linden going away! I won't have her go! What makes you go, Miss Linden?" "Your mamma thinks it best," answered Florence, with moistened eyes.
Mrs. O'Keefe entered in the sober attire of a nurse. She dropped a curtsey.
Divo Thava Mandir No Chando Aavi Pugyo
"You forget, Jane, that I am no longer a rich young lady. I am poorer than even you. This Dodger is kind, and I feel that I can trust him."
chararr chararr maru chakdol chale
When Dodger landed in San Francisco, in spite of the fact that he had made the journey against his will, he felt a natural exhilaration and pleasure in the new and striking circumstances and scenes in which he found himself placed.
jova te margha bolaviya re bahuchara detya tana petmaay
The result was that Mrs. O'Keefe brought Florence in the course of the day half a dozen vests, for which she was to be paid the munificent sum of twenty-five cents each.
Hu Tau Gai Ti Mele
At length they reached a wooden house of three stories, standing by itself, and here the stranger stopped.
"He has told me so more than once," returned Curtis, smoothly. "You don't know how near to his heart this marriage is. I know what you would say: If the property comes to me I could come to your assistance, but I am expressly prohibited from doing so. I have pleaded with my uncle in your behalf, but in vain."
"I hope you will continue to, Carrie. I can say that the time has passed away pleasantly for me."
"Mamma," she said, "do you see how Mr. de Barbazon is carrying on with Mrs. Leighton's governess? Really, I think it very discreditable."
tame kevi rite sui gaya
Ma, Sonido Tau Lave Jhanjhari Mahakali Re
He has five thousand dollars in the bank, presented by Dodger, with his father's sanction, and is considered quite a reputable citizen.
chakadu chi chi chakadu chi chi chale
"Good! I may not do the job myself, but I will see that it is done.
"Yes, Tim Bolton, since you know."
lile ghode re kon chade maa randal no asvar
Pani Bharata Re Joyo Sahybo
hu saaru chhu
"No, I had not heard. May I ask--aw--where you are wesiding?" "With friends," answered Florence, briefly. "As you are a friend and will be likely to hear it, I may as well mention that my uncle is displeased with me, and has practically disowned me."
He resolved to return to New York as soon as he could manage it, and take with him the wife and child of Curtis Waring.
Florence shook her head, with a smile.
Pele re mangal sena re dan devay?
"Splendid, Dodger. Here's some money for you."
"Dodger," said he, "you'd better go right over to Tim Bolton's. He's in an awful stew--says he'll skin you alive if you don't come to the s'loon right away."
"And he is actually in this city?" "Just so."
aankh saame aankhdi mandaaya jo sadbhaavma
"Yes; he ought to know!" chimed in Hooker.
haikortna aadesh baad ashok singhal praveen togdiya jelmaanthi mukt
But Dodger knew better than she the difficulties that beset the path of an applicant for work, and he could not help feeling anxious for Florence.
aaj naa yuvano mata pita thi door raheva mangta hoya chhe
kaheta hata ae mane hasta rahejo tame
"Can't you get some one in his place?" "Yes, but I'd likely be robbed; I had a bartender once who robbed me of two or three dollars a day."
"Thank you, Mr. de Brabazon," said Florence, coldly. "I have a slight headache."
Vasavyu Champaner, Pava Vali Re
"But, uncle," she objected, "I do not love him."
"I went to sleep in a house uptown--a house to which Curtis Waring lured me, and then made me a prisoner. The house was somewhere near One Hundred and Twenty-fifth Street. Now it seems as if I was on board a ship. How could I get here? I wish somebody would come in that I could ask."
Pelu re pelu mangaliyu vartaya,
They got out at One Hundred and Twenty-fifth Street, and struck down toward the river, Dodger carrying the valise.
"Well, that can be easily remedied," said Dodger, cheerfully. "There is a restaurant close by. I was about to eat supper. Will you come in with me?" "I am ashamed to impose upon the kindness of a stranger," murmured the woman.
"Yes, I suppose so," answered Dodger, glad to have found out the new name which had been given him, otherwise he would have supposed the valise belonged to some other person.
We must now return to New York to Dodger's old home.
Brahmno Chandarvo Ma Ae Ankhyuma Anjyo
badha ne aavde chhe
"Where did he see him?" "Near the pier of the Albany boats."
"What makes you so anxious about it?" asked Dodger, suspiciously.
Thrije re mangal gauri na dan devay.
Aavi Rudi Ambiya Ni Lagna Geet with Lyrics in English
maa e bije pagathiye pag mukyo
sunbh nisunbh hathe hanya bahuchara bija anek asur
"I wonder what's the matter now?" she asked herself. "Has she heard of my meeting her nephew in the car?" When she entered the room she saw at once that something was wrong.
"Do you know where the nearest station of the elevated road is?" "Yes, sir?" "I want to go uptown, but I know very little about the city. Will you accompany me as guide? I will pay you well."
"Then I will come to the point. Uncle John wishes to see us united."
"I fear the child will be too heavy for you."
nana mota sara khota besi andar mhale
"How came you to be here? Don't answer if you prefer not to," Dodger added, hastily.
Aangan aangan hai, pariyo ne ghera,
"Would you favor me with a specimen of your piano playing?" There was a piano in the back parlor. Florence removed her gloves, and taking a seat before it, dashed into a spirited selection from Strauss.
"You have had a narrow escape, sir." "I have no doubt of it. I presume the fellow was ready to take my life, if he found it necessary."
"Don't give me too long lessons, please, Miss Linden."
papan ne paan mahi aavu re
Bije managa sena te dan devay?
Chauthu chauthu mangaliyu vartay re,
Chauthu dan kanyu nu devayu ho,
Jane nodded her head with emphasis, as if to intimate the kind of reception Curtis Waring would get if he attempted to trifle with her virgin affections.
"Won't she come in?" "No; she don't like to be seen in a place like this. She's got a letter from Dodger." "You don't mean it!" ejaculated Tim, with sudden interest. "Where is he?" "Come out and see."
Mor jaje ugamde desh, more jaje aathamde desh,
Mrs. Leighton looked well pleased. She knew that she was making a great bargain.
Now I've got to give up all that."
aam juo toh aansu saunu pani jevu pani
"How can I help it, Mrs. O'Keefe?" returned Florence.
"Let me take your bag, Miss Florence," said Dodger, reaching out his hand.
"If I find that I need the sum you so kindly offer me, I will let you know, I promise that."
"At any rate you will have to. Well, good-night. I will see you again.
"He never was very bright or cheerful, you know."
shani sahit 9 graho tamari raashina kismat par kare chhe asar
Amare javu vegdu re, mara raj,
maa e chothe pagathiye pag mukyo
This Mrs. O'Keefe was clear-sighted enough to see.
"How could she live?" asked Florence, startled, for she knew very little of the starvation wages paid to toiling women.
dheema chhataa satat hu jindagi prahaar chhu
Mari Ma Ni Chundariyu Lave Se
The young man read the note aloud.
"But where does Florence come in?" "It seems to me, Mrs. Barnes, that you take a good deal of interest in our family affairs," said Curtis, suspiciously.
"You will find plenty of clothes in your valise. Hasn't it been given you?" "No, sir." "You may ask the steward for it. You didn't think your guardian would send you on a five-months' voyage without a change of clothing, did you?" And the captain laughed heartily.
samayani barbaadi karnaar cricket barbaadinu mool
ghor andhari re  rataldi ma nikalya char asvar
bhojan desu re maa tane monghane bhaavta
"Good-evening, sir," said the newcomer, with a stately inclination of the head.
Shana thai ne samji jao, mano vinati mari,
"That's the sorrowful part of it," said his uncle, in a voice of anguish. "That is what I most dread."
Masa ae didha mamta na daan,
She was about to sign herself Florence Linden, but reflected that she was no longer entitled to use a name which would seem to carry with it a claim upon her uncle.
Jane evidently thought that Florence must have made some queer friends.
"I hope he will be well paid for the errand, since it keeps him so long."
"I--I thought it might be. Didn't I see you at the opewa last evening?" "Possibly. I was there."
vaani aapo ne parmeshwari jire
shu aa chopadi chhe
Janani Ni Ankhyuma Poonam Ni Jyoti
He was in no hurry to leave San Francisco, but he felt that Florence might need a friend. But he found that he was making progress slowly.
"Leavin' his whole fortune to Curtis," continued Tim.
Ae kodila veera tame koyal ne udado aapan desh.
maanavine kyareya aagal vadhvaa deta nathi
"There may be some tendency to disease in your system--some hereditary tendency," said the captain, after a pause.
"Well, well!" ejaculated the apple-woman. "So it's that ould thafe of the worruld, Curtis Waring, that has got hold of poor Dodger, just as Tim told us. It seems mighty quare to me that he should want to stale poor Dodger. If it was you, now, I could understand it."
And the two left the saloon and took a westerly route toward the North River piers.
"First, where is my Cousin Florence?" "How should I know? She wasn't likely to place herself under my protection."
"I called on Mrs. Leighton," was the answer. "She speaks well of you as a teacher, but--she told me some things which make it seem inexpedient to engage you."
Kana Jadi Hoye tau Aal, Kana Jadi Hoye tau Aal
Dadaji na tedya ame shimdeyeri aviya,
Soni ni chache re morlo moti chanva jai.
saadu sankoru toh vayre udi jaay, dhadkanto chedlo sari sari jaay
tame kya thi aviya chho
nathi kaai pet jevu annkut aene jamaade chhe
"Didn't you throw the articles on the floor?" he demanded, suspiciously.
What does he get out of it? Food and clothes, but not happiness. If it were mine, all the avenues of enjoyment would be open to me. That estate I must have."
he dudhe te bhari talavde ne motide bandhi paad re
"Then why did you open the secretary?" "I did mean to take money, but she stopped me."
Anhad naad bajao re sab mil,
fool ni suvaas tana saugandh laie kahi do ke
"I seed him yesterday, Tim," said a red-nosed man who had just entered the saloon, in company with a friend of the same general appearance.
Vrundavan Ni Kunj Gali Ma Bole Zina Mor,
"I may as well lie down, as there is nothing else to do," thought Dodger. "There isn't much fun sitting in the dark. If I can sleep, so much the better." Five minutes had scarcely passed after his head struck the pillow, when our hero was fast asleep.
gaye kal no safar kevo hato
"There was a poor young woman called here last month and inquired for Mr. Curtis. She was very sorrowful-like, and poorly dressed. He came up when she was at the door, and he spoke harshlike, and told her to walk away with him. What they said I couldn't hear, but I've a suspicion that she was married to him, secretlike for I saw a wedding ring upon her finger." "But, Jane, it would be base and infamous for him to ask for my hand when he was already married."
"Florence," he said, "accept my hand, and I will reconcile my uncle to you. Say but the word, and----" "I can never speak it, Curtis! I will take my uncle at his word.
hamesha vyast rahenaarane samaya chorvo pade
He started at sight of his cousin.
chattaan todi maarg kaadhshe jaroor ae
"I can't help it, miss. That's just what he wouldn't mind doin'. Oh, he's a sly deceiver, Mr. Curtis. I'd like to see him foolin' around me."
aa sundartane duniya kare chhe salaam jaano teni hakikat
olya patan sherni re mare thavu padmani naar
to gulabi kul aa taaru ja chhe
maa tame garbe ramva aavjo
"She ought to know that he has no right to marry," said the poor woman, who, not understanding the dislike of Florence for the man whom she herself loved, feared that she might yet be induced to marry him.
He Mari Mahisagar Ni Aare Dhol Vage Se
So the colonel drained a second glass, and Briggs, pouring out with trembling fingers as much as he dared, followed suit.
Koyal mange kapda ni jod,
Norata Na Rath Na Ghughara Bolya
"Uncle, don't let yourself be disturbed now with painful thoughts. Eat your breakfast first, and then we will speak of Florence."
"I do not doubt your affection," he said; "and I have shown it by making you my joint heirs in the event of your marriage; but it is only fair to say that my property goes to my boy, if he still lives."
Chhadi Re Pukari Mani Moralo Tahukyo
"And you expect me to help you to that amount for only a thousand dollars?" "A thousand dollars is a good deal of money."
"Then something must have happened to him," said Florence, anxiously.
chadi aave kadi bhukhyo koi hanki kaadhe chhe
haiyu nathi jone haltu ye bahuchara kathan avyo kaal
"What have to say to that, you black imp?" he demanded, sternly.
"Fine feathers make fine birds, you know, and a neat dress always increases the chances of an applicant for employment, though, when it is carried too far, it is apt to excite suspicion. I remember a friend of mine advertised for a bookkeeper. Among the applicants was a young man wearing a sixty-dollar suit, a ruffled shirt, a handsome gold watch and a diamond pin. He was a man of taste, and he was strongly impressed with the young man's elegant appearance. So, largely upon the strength of these, he engaged him, and in less than six months discovered that he had been swindled to the extent of eight hundred dollars by his aesthetic bookkeeper." "Then I will leave my diamond pin at home," said Dodger, smiling.
"He may have said he paid fifty dollars for it," said the pawnbroker, wagging his head, "but we know better." "But what will you give?" asked Florence, desperately.
"Would you trust me?" asked the boy, earnestly, fixing his large, dark eyes eloquently on the face of Florence.
"But why should she be compelled to leave her uncle's home?" "Because Curtis Waring made him set his heart upon the match. She had her choice to marry Curtis or to leave the house, and forfeit all chance of the estate. She chose to leave the house."
"All right," said Bolton, taking the paper and tucking it into an inside pocket. "I'll copy it out in my own handwriting. How much are you going to give me for doing this?" "A thousand dollars."
"You're a reg'lar lady, anyway. You ain't one of my kind, but I'm going to improve and raise myself. I was readin' the other day of a rich man that was once a poor boy, and sold papers like me. But there's one thing in the way--I ain't got no eddication."
"He won't do it!" said Dodger to himself, in a tone of discouragement.
odhi ang patolu re eni relavu rangdhar
"Where did you hear that, Curtis?" asked Mr. Linden, with unwonted sharpness.
"Indeed! You seem to be a very accomplished nurse."
"No. I ain't poor; leastways, I have enough to eat, and I have a place to sleep."
Hichko re bandhyo heer no re, mara raj.
"That's very kind of you, miss; but I don't understand it. You are a rich young lady, and I'm only a poor boy, livin' in a Bowery dive."
"I intend she shall!" said Curtis, significantly. "Bolton, I love the girl all the more for her obstinate refusal to wed me. I have made up my mind to marry her with her consent, or without it."
he taliyo ni ramjhat page pade ne tya dharni dham dham thay re
Chauthu re mangaliyu vartay ho,
hu kone sampark karu
Sugandh na hoshiyla var raja raja aviya mara raj.
shu tame khokhu uchki sako chho
"I will leave you now, sir, if you think you can manage."
mumbai ke dilhi nahi ye baat hai pure jahaa ki
Chedo chodo re jamai raj, Je mango te desu,
Maniyaro Re Maniyaro Re Kalayel Moralo Re
"Then I will bid you good-morning, Mrs. Cole," said Florence, sore at heart.
   "The ship is almost here, and I must stop. Take good care of     yourself, and remember me to Mrs. O'Keefe, and I will write     you again as soon as I get to San Francisco.
Dikri lidhi tamne aaje aaje, Je mango te desu.
"Where, in Heaven's name?" ejaculated Mrs. Leighton.
"I thought it might be because Dodger was my friend, but that doesn't seem to be sufficient explanation. Don't you think we ought to show this letter to Mr. Bolton?" "I was going to suggest that same. If you'll give it to me, Florence, I'll get Mattie to tend my stand, and slip round wid it to Tim's right off."
Florence smiled and extended her hand.
"Yes, sir," answered the nurse. "I've soothed him like."
"Well," he said, "this is a new tack for Tim. However, I never looked upon him as a man who would shrink from any violation of the laws, except murder. I don't think he would do that."
"Is there anything we can do?" asked Florence, anxiously.
"Or your aunt?" "She is in no way related to me. She is an humble friend.
"I will give you a dollar--five dollars--if you will only let me out.
"I forget nothing, dear uncle. I do not forget that, when I was a poor little child, helpless and destitute, you took me in your arms, gave me a home, and have cared for me from that time to this as only a parent could."
Dodger sat down in an easy-chair conveniently near him.
"Don't know nothin' 'bout that," said Julius.
Tamne karsu na naraj raj, je mango te desu,
"Yes, sir." "You made no objection, but worked on just as if you liked it."
sarve mali kidhi sthapna re bahuchara dharavyo bahuchar naam
he pagne theke dhumni damri gaganma chavay re
"It wouldn't be a trifle to me, sir," said Dodger.
"What is that?" "I shall go to the Bwooklyn Bwidge, climb to the parapet, jump into the water, and end my misewable life."
ghadima upar ghadima niche bhagya evu saunu fartu
Sonide Mandya Haat, Pava Vali Re
Yet when they reached the station he went up the staircase and purchased his ticket with the air of a man who was thoroughly accustomed to doing it.
Dada mora, devu hoy te dejo,
tara patino padchayo thai, rehje saday sathe
gokuliye gaam nahi aavu re
darshan aapone maat bahuchara jire
"Did Miss Florence take a cab?" "No; she just walked."
"Thank you, Mrs. O'Keefe, you are very kind," said Florence, gratefully. "Perhaps just at first you wouldn't object to taking me as a boarder, and letting me take my meals with you. I don't think I would like to go to the eating-houses alone."
"Yes; there is a great difference between coming by sea around Cape Horn and speeding across the country on an express train."
Dada ae didha kadaja na daan,
"Then you have never ridden on the elevated road?" said Dodger.
"Did he ask after me?" "No, except he said that you were no relation of his. He said he expected you stole him when he was a kid, and he hoped some time to find his relations."
"Really! Wouldn't that be a trifle monotonous?" asked Florence, sarcastically.
"Yes, or a tenement house, than become the wife of one I loathe."
Her ladylike manner evidently impressed the lady to whom she applied.
Ma Champa Te Ner Na Char Chauta Mahakali Re
Anankho luchi le ne, beni aaj no rovay,
"It is very painful to me--this conduct of Florence's, Curtis," he said, as he sank into his armchair.
ek vaar aavine mare mandiriye bhojan karta jaav
"Excuse me, Mrs. O'Keefe. I know very well you are my friend, and a kind friend, too. I should not have forgotten you."
"Tim isn't so bad, Florence. He isn't fit company for the likes of you, but there's worse men nor Tim."
Dodger was rather glad to have a name provided, for he had only been known as Dodger heretofore, and this name would excite surprise. He had recently felt the need of a name, and didn't see why this wouldn't answer his purpose as well as any other.
"It is wrong to get discouraged," she said to herself. "After all, there are warm hearts in the world."
"Are you willing that I should examine you?" "Yes, I am. Go ahead."
parantu mata pita jeevta hoya tyaare koi saayvantu nathi
"If he lands in good health you can trust him for makin' a livin'. A New York boy, brought up as he was, isn't goin' to starve where there are papers to sell and errands to run. Why, he'll light on his feet in 'Frisco, take my word for it."
bena re.. tari aa veni na foolo koi di na karmay
te jaga ketali dur chhe
vanchyo che punya pratap madi bahuchara
kale ghode re kon chade maa kalka no asvar
The pawnbroker was very reluctant to part with the ring, which he made sure would not be reclaimed; but there was no help for it.
tame kevi rite gadi chalavi
Carrie and Florence went to the schoolroom for the last time.
Chhanu Na Rahe Ankhyu No Tor, Pani Gyata
"What do I care if you live in a poor house, Miss Linden?" said Carrie, impetuously. "I will make mamma take you back!" Florence smiled; but she knew that there would be no return for her.
"Yes; you can tell the lady to call at the office of Dodger, Esq., any mornin' after sunrise, and he'll give her full particulars."
aajthi gandhinagar amdavad vayye pravaas saathe manoranjan bas sevano prarambh
"Do you like me, Florence?" asked Dodger, brightening up.
"He's a queer customer!" thought Dodger. "However, it's all one to me, as long as he pays me well for the job."
aapi ne kadla tildi ne zanjar,
shu koi mane lakhava mate kalam aapshe
ishvarni apeksha hati ke maanvi premnu mandir banave parantu maanvi paththarna mandir banaave chhe
Ava chaya hoshiyla var raja raja aviya mara raj.
Akhand suhag chudi chandlo jeevan bhar,
Leighton, who would be shocked at the thought of her nephew's making a low alliance, to find out all I can, and put her on her guard."
"I won't be with Miss Linden, mamma. She makes the studies so interesting."
"Then, I suppose," said Bolton, assuming an air of mortification and discomfiture, "it is no use for me to remain here any longer." "You are quite right. I wish you a pleasant journey home. Give my love to Florence when you see her." "That man is a fiend!" soliloquized Bolton, as he walked back, leisurely, to his place of business. "Let me get hold of Dodger and I will foil him yet!" Chapter XXVII.
She threw herself on the bed, and a feeling of loneliness and desolation came over her.
jhilu hu majam raat madi bahuchara
pitae paach varsh sudhi moti dikrine banaavi
"Don't try to deceive me. Young man, did you open my secretary?" "Yes, sir." "And robbed it into the bargain," continued Linden, going to the secretary, and examining it. He did not, however, miss the will, but only the roll of bills. "Give me back the money you have taken from me, you young rascal!" "I took nothing, sir." "It's a lie! The money is gone, and no one else could have taken it."
"That is true. You will need all the money you have when you land in California. Twenty-five dollars won't go far--still you have all the money that is necessary, for I do not intend to charge you anything."
"Is it? I am afraid you are too complimentary. You are very good-natured."
Malide Mandya Haat, Pava Vali Re
"What kind of a man? How did he look?" "He had gray hair and gray whiskers."
No, he could think of none. On account of his uncle's chronic invalidism, they had neither gone into society, nor entertained visitors, and in the midst of a great city Florence and her uncle had practically led the lives of recluses.
In that case Curtis must have been an early acquaintance of Tim's. At any rate, he seemed to know about his past life.
"But the boy said he didn't look like an old man, except the hair. He walked off like a young man."
bane to swachchh rakho harghadi haiyaani paatine
sohagi kanku sethma, kakan sobhe hathe
It was thought that he had gone on some errand of unusual length, and would return an hour or two late.
ekvar shyam tame radha ne kahi do ke
tej tana tara tarla jire
He sat down on a cane chair--there were two in the room--and looked about him.
A look of pain appeared on John Linden's pale face.
Percy de Brabazon was prompt in presenting himself as soon as permitted, and he led Florence out for a dance.
"Yes, it is Dodger." "Where did you come from?" "From San Francisco. But what have you been doing there?" And Dodger pointed in the direction of the pawnbroker's shop.
pan ghadiyaal bandh karvaathi samaya bandh thato nathi
There was something in this boy, young outlaw though he was, that moved her powerfully, and even fascinated her, though she hardly realized it. It was something more than a feeling of compassion for a wayward and misguided youth.
"All right, mamma," and the little girl led the way upstairs to a back room on the third floor.
diwal kudine kya bhagi rahi chhe kolejani aa yuvtio
"I am very much displeased with you, Carrie."
"It is very singular," said Florence, fixing a glance of mingled curiosity and perplexity upon the young visitor.
Mela Ma Ankh Na Ulala
"It seems we are both getting rich," said Florence, smiling.
"I won't inquire into your change of circumstances. I feel compelled to perform an unpleasant duty."
She grew pale and thin, and her face was habitually sad.
"Thank you. May I bid Carrie good-by, Mrs. Leighton?" "It is better not to do so, I think. The more quietly we dissolve our unfortunate connection the better!" Florence's heart swelled, and the tears came to her eyes, but she could not press her request.
maa e panchme pagathiye pag mukyo
"That's so. Come along wid me, and we'll see what Tim has to tell us."
maat vanchi che tari varta jire
"There has been no case of disease in the humble dwelling in which I make my home. I should be as sorry to expose your daughter to any danger of that kind as you would be to have me."
tene pariksha ma saaru lakhyu
He was a tall, dark-complexioned man, of perhaps thirty-five, with shifty, black eyes and thin lips, shaded by a dark mustache. It was not a face to trust.
na jaane kon kyaare aavi ghunti le adhi akshar
aa film me gaya athwadiye joi
"You'll have to do without it."
"He doesn't know that he is the son of a rich man, and heir to the property which you look upon as yours. That's what you mean, isn't it?" "Yes. What is he doing? Is he at work?" "He helps me some in the saloon, sells papers in the evenings, and makes himself generally useful."
hayaat mata pitani chhatrachhayama vahaalpana be ven boline nirakhi lejo
"You seem to belong to a liberal family, sir." "I detest meanness, and would rather err on the side of liberality.
Chitadu Chagdol Maru AmTem Jhulatu Ne
"I think, myself, it would hardly be a suitable home for a young lady brought up on Madison Avenue. There is certainly no accounting for tastes. Miss Florence----" "That's her name, is it?" "Yes; didn't she tell you?" "No; but it's a nice name."
Koyal mange kadla ni jod,
Again, he had picked up a good deal of slang from the nature of his associates, and she set to work to improve his language, and teach him refinement.
aa tathya aapne bolie to chhie
tame kai varta kidhi
vaani aapone parmeshwari re bahuchara gun tamara gavay
"At last Heaven has heard my prayers," he ejaculated. "We will never be separated. I was ready to die, but now I hope to live for many years. I feel that I have a new lease of life."
"You remember that, then?" "Yes, uncle. I hope you will not consider me wholly ungrateful."
So, under strange guidance, Florence Linden left her luxurious home, knowing not what awaited her. What haven of refuge she might find she knew not. She, like Dodger, was adrift in New York.
Besides, she is very bright and gives me very little trouble."
yuvad bandhyo chok madi bahuchara
mana sathad samana neer mori maat
The latter opened the door of a back room, and Dodger, obedient to directions, took the valise inside and deposited it on a chair.
"What did she say? Did you speak with her?" "Yes. She doesn't seem any more willin' to marry you."
"Well, a high-toned young lady--one of the tip-tops, and I am a rough Bowery boy."
"And what business have you with Miss Florence's trunk, I'd like to know?" said Jane, independently.
I wish I could see her some day. Will you tell her, Dodger, that next Sunday is my day out, and I'll be in Central Park up by the menagerie at three o'clock, if she'll only take the trouble to be up there?" "I'll tell her, Jane, and I'm sure she'll be there."
"Ah! I see how it is," said Percy, clasping his hands sadly. "You love another." "Not that I am aware of."
He took the valise to his stateroom, and, finding a key tied to the handles, he opened it at once.
nahi samaan vahe hon ma samaan beeju hon
te aakhi raat suto rehhiyo
"I think I will rest now, Mr. de Brabazon," she said.
Mamma is never here at this time. She goes out shopping or making calls, so poor I have to sit down to the table alone. It will be ever so much pleasure to have you with me."
"And you think this young man would agree to go to Chicago and find her?" "Yes, sir, I make bold to say he will."
Sur sharnai ne sathvare parne var ne vadhu.
"It may be as you say, Curtis," said his uncle, with a sigh. "If I were thoroughly convinced of it, I would destroy the later will, and leave my property absolutely to you and Florence."
"I didn't. I wanted never to see or hear from him again. What made you bring him back to New York?" "Couldn't keep away, governor. I got homesick, I did. There ain't but one Bowery in the world, and I hankered after that----" "Didn't I pay you money to keep away, Tim Bolton?" "I don't deny it; but what's three thousand dollars? Why, the kid's cost me more than that. I've had the care of him for fourteen years, and it's only about two hundred a year." "You have broken your promise to me!" said Curtis, sternly.
manager ni cabin kya chhe
Maro moraliyo betho re kad ne kangare
jeevanma jetala salaahkaaro ochha raakhsho aetla jaldi aagal vadhsho
"I suppose it is a drinking saloon?" "Yes, that's what it is."
karaave chhe makaano khaali mandiro
"Don't worry about that, Arthur," said Randolph, laying his hand affectionately on the boy's shoulder. "I shall not allow you to want."
She had been afraid Mrs. Leighton would inquire where she lived, and she would hardly dare to name the humble street which she called home.
"He was; but he's got back. You shall see him to-day, and Florence, too. Hark! I hear the door bell. They're here now. I think you had better go in and confront Curtis."
Charam na hoshila var raja aviya mara raj.
kar jodine vinvu re bahuchara vallabh taro daas
aapni adadhi jindagi juni pedhine samajhvama bhaya chhe
"Dodger!" he repeated. "How should I know? I supposed that you had lured him away from me."
The advantage of this was that he often got a chance to serve as guide to strangers visiting the city for the first time, or as porter, to carry their valise or other luggage.
He paused on the threshold, and frowned when he saw who it was that awaited him.
Maro moraliyo mange re ladia re ladadi, mara raj,
He took a bunch of keys from his pocket, and tried one after another, but without success. He was so absorbed in his work that he did not notice the entrance of a dark-browed, broad-shouldered man, dressed in a shabby corduroy suit, till the intruder indulged in a short cough, intended to draw attention.
"I don't mind, Miss Florence, as long as you give me--aw--an approving smile."
gujaratne badnaam karta tatvone modini padkaar
Ajavali Rate Mathe Amrut Dholya
Dikri ne hete vadaviya re, mara raj.
Nagar Nandji Na Lal, Nagar Nandji Na Lal
ogastanu antim saptaah kevi rite shashe pasaar jaano raashidvara
"That is right. Only make an effort, and you will soon be strong again."
"Do right, Dodger, whatever happens. Promise me that you will never steal again?" "There's my hand, miss--I promise. Nobody ever talked to me like you.
"I do not need to see him. I have transacted all necessary business with him--and paid the passage money. Julius, bring the valise."
"I wouldn't dast to. You'd stab me," said the man, fearfully.
"That's all we could find out, Mr. Bolton," said Briggs, with another longing look at the bar.
"I know whom you mean--Tim Bolton."
"I--I don't understand. You said she was there."
"Then I may assume that it was accidental. You talked together with the freedom of old friends?" "You are correctly informed."
"Well, he ain't exactly what you call an angel, but I've seen wuss men than the guv'nor." "Do you mind telling me your own name?" "No; for I know you won't peach on me. Tom Dodger." "Dodger?" "Yes."
"Nivir mind. You're to pretend to go."
ke jaane prabhu kyaya chhe ja nahi
"No; but he's worrying about Miss Florence. It's my belief that if she were at home, he'd live a good while."
"Give me that stick," he exclaimed, furiously.
"Do you think I ought to call upon him, and risk his sending me away?" "It might be worth tryin', Miss Florence."
shu aa room chhe
"Do you really care what becomes of me, miss?" asked Dodger, slowly.
Scarcely had he spoken than a change came over his face, and he stared open-mouthed behind him and beyond Curtis.
bachpanma je dikrane ma bape bolta sheekhvadyu hatu
Mohe kala tikka lagao ri,
"My dear uncle! Then he does think of me sometimes?" "It's my belief he'd send for you if Curtis would let him."
Kai Hun Re Dhalakati Dhel Re
"Is the room ready, Julius?" asked the old man.
"We'll get out here, Miss Florence. I told Mrs. O'Keefe I'd call at her stand, and she'll go over and show you your room."
It was about this time that the quiet tenor of Dodger's life was interrupted by a startling event.
"We're your men, Tim," said Hooker. "Ain't we, Briggs?" "That's so, Hooker. Shake!" And the poor victims of drink shook hands energetically. Long since they had sunk their manhood in the intoxicating cup, and henceforth lived only to gratify their unnatural craving for what would sooner or later bring them to a drunkard's grave.
"I cannot bear to hear you speak so, uncle," said Florence Linden, in irrepressible agitation. "You are not an old man. You are but fifty-four." "True, Florence, but it is not years only that make a man old. Two great sorrows have embittered my life. First, the death of my dearly beloved wife, and next, the loss of my boy, Harvey."
peli gai kale bus ma aavi
"Will you tell me, mamma, why you are sending Miss Linden away?" "I will tell you some other time."
"When did Miss Florence leave the house, Jane?" he inquired, as he seated himself at the table.
"Why shouldn't I care for him? He is my only friend."
Ma Pava Te Gadh Thi Utarya Mahakali Re
"Cash?" "I can't do that. I have met with losses at the gaming table, and I don't dare ask money from my uncle at this time. He thinks I am thoroughly steady."
Dodger proceeded to do so, and now, for the first time, obtained a good view of the man he had rescued. He was a man of about the average height, probably not far from fifty, dressed in a neat business suit, and looked like a substantial merchant.
utara desu re maa tane medina molna
Mari Mahisagar Ni Aare Dhol Vage Se
"I shall be obliged to dispense with your services as my daughter's governess. It is quite out of the question for me to employ a person who lives in a tenement-house."
Arey koi kajal lao ri,
Pelu re mangaliyu vartay ho..
shamna ne saad nahi aavu
"Suppose you get it, what is there for me?" asked Bolton.
"Good! How is your education?" "I have never been to college," answered Dodger, with a smile.
tame kya sui gaya hata
bena re.. vidaay ni aa vasmiveda roke na rokay
je aapna samaj ni ghor karunta chhe
gai vaatno shok na karvo
This time there was an answer.
"Were your parents healthy?" "They--died young," answered Dodger, hesitatingly.
A well-dressed gentleman descended the stairs gingerly, looked about him with fastidious disdain, and walked up to the bar.
ane baakini adadhi navi pedhine samajhvama bhaya chhe
Bhadki ne hete vadaviya re, mara raj,
"But the money is gone," said Curtis, in an incredulous tone.
"You are very kind, Dodger. What would I do without you?" "There's plenty that would be glad of the chance of helping you," said Dodger, with a glance of admiration at the fair face of his companion.
"Nor on any other, I hope. As governess in my family, I think I have a right to command your services."
Chauthe re mangal sena re dan devay?
mana matha samana neer mori maat
hu mandirma aapyo ane dwar bolyu ke
Dikri ne gaay jya dore tya doray,
machakodayelo pag ane sankochaayelu man
Mrs. O'Keefe aimed a blow at Dodger, but he proved true to his name, and skillfully evaded it.
"Please arise, Mr. de Brabazon," said Florence, hurriedly. "It is quite out of the question--what you ask--I assure you."
"Yes; I am the gentleman," remarked Bolton, coolly.
"Who's your husband?" he asked, roughly.
"Miss Florence workin'! She that was always brought up like a lady!" "She's teachin' a little girl three hours a day."
ver zer ne nafrat bhareli aa duniya ma
But the morning came and found him still a prisoner, but not in the solitary dwelling.
He was a brutal-looking fellow, but was no larger than Dodger, who was as tall as the majority of men.
"Does she worry much?" "She did at first, but now she's workin' every day, and she looks more cheerful-like."
tame kevi rite lakhyu
"It is enough! You have earned your whiskey. Walk up, gentlemen!" Hooker and Briggs needed no second invitation.
He rang the bell, and the door was opened by a hump-backed negro, who looked curiously at Dodger.
jhilan jhilva gya ta, garbe ghumva gya ta
"Won't Tim Bolton tell you anything about your family?" "No; I've asked him more'n once. He always says he's my father, and that makes me mad."
maa e navme pagathiye pag mukyo
It is early yet to speak of marriage, but it is possible that Florence may marry a cousin, after all.
tene tamne ketla paisa aapya
"Jane told me that a gentleman was waiting to see me," he said.
tu mara room ma pariksha pachi aavje
"Where is the ship bound?" "To San Francisco, around Cape Horn. I supposed you knew that."
sasariye jata jojo papan na bhinjay
ramjo ramjo re goraniyu tame ramjo sari raat

But in San Francisco--at a distance of over three thousand miles-- Dodger felt at a loss how to act.
If there had been a rope at hand he would not have felt afraid to make the attempt.
Gandhide Mandya Haat, Pava Vali Re
aangli nu makhan toh chakho
"How terrible for a boy to be subjected to such influences."
Khushi aaj dwar mere daale hai dera,
maa e trije pagathiye pag mukyo
"The boy is dead----" "What!" exclaimed Bolton, jumping to his feet in irresistible excitement.
"It's all very well to say that, Miss Florence. Lots of girls say so, but they change their minds. I don't mean to live out always myself."
"If you have the headache any day, Florence, I'll take your place."
"Then I am afraid you won't want me, as you have rejected so many."
"Young man," said the stranger, impressively, "you have done me a great favor." Dodger felt that this was true, and did not disclaim it.
Arthur! So his name was Arthur! He had just been called Master Grant, so Arthur Grant was his name on board ship.
"I am not deceived," murmured Florence, "it's not wholly prejudice.
baaki sabandho ma saanghe saangha ja dekhaaya chhe
Kakaji na tedya ame mandvade aviya,
Vanta jaje re vevaiyu ne mandve ho raj.
"Isn't it in your stateroom?" asked that functionary.
je gharma santaan satat mata pita ni zankhe chhe te gharma aaje pan satyug chale chhe
je atake chhe te atake chhe
He was as good as his word. He went to the outer door and rang the bell.
bena re.. ram kare sukh taru koi di najaryu na najray
"Alas!" she answered, impulsively, "I am alone in the world!" "What! ain't the old gentleman that lives here your father?" "He is my uncle; but he is very, very angry with me, and has this very day ordered me to leave the house."
She was too unhappy in her enforced exile from her home, and it saddened her to think that the uncle who had always been so kind was permanently estranged from her.
In the midst of their prosperity Florence and Dodger will never forget the time when they were adrift in New York.
"Shure, he's twice as old as you, Miss Florence, anyway."
jooth bolva mate pan satya jevu vatavaran ubhu karvu pade chhe
maa e saatme pagathiye pag mukyo
gun tamara gaavu madi bahuchara
Here Dodger entered the room in his usual breezy way. In his hand he brandished a morning paper.
aaje rokda ne udhar kaale
"In years, yes. But a young lady of seventeen, brought up as she has been, is older by years than a boy of eighteen. I don't think you need apprehend any harm to Miss Linden, except that Mr. Waring may cheat her out of her rightful share of the inheritance. Is her uncle in good health?" "No, sir; he is a very feeble man."
Even when he smiled the expression of his face did not soften. Yet he could moderate his voice so as to express tenderness and sympathy.
"I wish I could send him some money. I am afraid he will land penniless."
Florence was by no means sorry to accept the invitation.
ramti tu je gharma eni bhinte-bhinto radse
He was surprised, but it was evident that he was pleased, also, and he took the little hand respectfully in his own ample palm, and pressed it in a friendly manner.
Curtis opened the door with a pass-key, and found Julius dozing in a chair in the hall.
Ladila varraje simdi deri mala raj,
Dodger and the reporter stood on deck, and with eager interest watched the passage through the Golden Gate. A little later and the queen city of the Pacific came in sight, crowning the hill on which a part of the city is built, with the vast Palace Hotel a conspicuous object in the foreground.
"But I've made up my mind I won't live with Tim no longer. I can earn my own livin' sellin' papers, or smashin' baggage, and keep away from Tim. I'd have done it before if I'd had a friend like you to care for me."
tame sha mate gadi chalavi
"What are you here for?" asked Florence, fixing her eyes on the boy's face; "are you a thief?" "I don't know--yes, I suppose I am."
Florence had never visited this part of the city, and her heart sank within her as she followed Mrs. O'Keefe through a dirty hallway, up a rickety staircase, to the second floor.
Ma, Maliido Tau Lave Phoolda Mahakali Re
"Well, Florence, did you get a place?" asked Mrs. O'Keefe, as she passed that lady's stand.
ek muddat thai ke teo haa ke naa kaheta nathi
At twelve o'clock the next day, when Florence had just completed her lessons with Carrie, Mrs. Leighton entered the room.
Mari Ma No Bajithiyo Lave Se
prabhuG tara banaavela tane aaje banaave chhe
Hath muki dyo mani jao, vevai kera jaya,
aaj bhulo ne bhuli shakiae to bas chhe
mana naa mratyu pachhi santaano badhi ja vidhi karaavataa hoya chhe
prabhu chhe ane sarvatra chhe
Najaru Dhali Halu Toye Lagi Najaru Koni
Chhodya dadane chhodi deliyu re,
Man Mali Gayu Eni Mele Melama
taaro ne maro mel nahi khaaya o tabeeb
he vatki jevdi vaavdi ne mai khoblo pani mai re
"Dodger is very brave," said Florence. "Sometimes I think he is too daring. He is liable to get into trouble."
   "I thought you had taken the will from my uncle's desk, but I     am inclined to think you had nothing to do with it. If you     know where it is, or whether Bolton has it, I expect you to     notify me in return for the money I have expended in your     behalf. In that case you can write to me, No. -- Madison     Avenue.
"So far as Florence is concerned--she is the cousin--she has no wish to deprive you of him. But is it possible that you are attached to a man who has treated you so meanly?" asked Dodger, in surprise.
"He would expect me, in that case, to consent to a marriage with Curtis. You wouldn't advise me to do that?" "No; he's a mane blackguard, and I'd say it to his face."
"Where are we going?" asked the young lady, whose only thought up to this moment had been to get away from the presence of Curtis and his persecutions.
"Miss Linden," she said, "let me introduce my nephew, Mr. de Brabazon.
"Under the circumstances," continued the lady, "it has occurred to me that, as you are really quite a nice performer, you might fill his place. I shall be willing to allow you a dollar for the evening. What do you say?" Florence felt embarrassed. She shrank from appearing in society in her present separation from her family, yet could think of no good excuse.
Maat pita ma hiya ma harakh na may re,
dharam gayo dharni dhasi re bahuchara punya gayu patal
Kanku Kharyu Ne Suraj Ugyo
But not the old Dodger. She saw a nicely dressed young gentleman, larger than the friend she had parted with six months before, with a brighter, more intelligent, and manly look.
Though she felt an esteem for him, she was sorry to see him, for, with Mrs. Leighton's rebuke fresh in her mind, it could only be a source of embarrassment, and, if discovered, subject her in all probability to a fresh reprimand.
"I thought so at the time, but the next day I changed my mind."
Chothu re chothu mangaliyu vartay,
